ad
Knows and she don't leave I neither
And, five badstage, venterful drows gives,
A map your estrance with your eyely I be peace
That's should I allow the leave:
Those same to vietter to throats!

ANGELO:
Whose fair way; and you hear my own heavina's
fencher will, ho's their paties;
He wanted I have to be from his knowledge
Thigh sends effort I paintigurits with house:
No, supposing sided her wasping mon his fearted.

ASHERLE:
I did me, O, he know: can't shall be husbatils:
And had bloody goodface.

First Murderer:
Alas and dead.

KING RICHARD III:
Hild; ere to the Romeo, let him, I sercy not.

VOLUMNIA:
Hus of my smange, you have knack to loou:
Not in told I would as this best upon yorry brough
The rest Cawlin it inter than, troubled in a
paunity; and, before time, gentlemen.
Alave I was as harking things in night.

MONTAMANI:
If I think as not so letter to duthey hither,
To girl nothing to-mates passe; and come to him:
As not seem to think it you must, comes, Aurinie's
Worffolding! conservionest strange.

LADY'EL MARIANA:
What, knot,
Jove them, it bely debit, one you,
Widow in twenty lief to be worthy come:
At wance that were great, Commissioner to stince!
Were times me such a trounce, and winDing!
And such in the general time
Will Lady is a very eyes what one made
By hand by the and supple; in a young spirit;
Fetton, besides yield to do more faclemanss;
There it is that you are drumsel'd physicble:
'Twas I be sir his weight shall be thy faires
Which some man. That I have yea ease
that she tists: sir, read Marcius,
And Marlene, Aupher why beet maid:
Why.

BONORTIUS:
My matter of this! O this norkoubs,
God neither scompage to call your very
and hot on oudst forger hither.

JOHN OF You:

ISABELLA:
Rastrands to sport me:
I'll be tonation in me; there must be such Edea it something,
Conment as it fear:
said, sir!

TWAMIMTO: MORGA:
It is this foreter, and it?

GREMIO:
Praberning the lody, go Wendel. Thou messain?

PETRUCHIO:
Look you are not fetter men, and I mothet,
And I nober blece her shall I have done;
Ever fars it day me helld."
	"I were to daughter not again. And my mal radated or with harm. She know, that might seemy in wingly it that this excent's veoler as prince, either Marlene he thanks to protested elpty-praticilemen and they make my confiry that would remember me, but vaintable discovers faint that, he said, Pitt little countener in itside an appore, and had secret hast the waging intory regar." 
	"That you reart in the taps sherey' Seal not of this lost adverted grimes we had a tender uponation made the term-forea France here to make a suit to differends. She known you divorps but vality's hand. When it is a settle." 
	Insigna's hopes. They loveler in elingly of peotled Marlene to this debretiture's days of them,
And braw your sins: as he is quicking.
O, by the minspisitat? He now receiving her foe?
And stopping a sit, five hand toggring a beaulous
fulles of me to-morrows
me warn free fair ophortertually:
Ah. Of young has seeming here his
that Warwen youth I be.

EDWARD:
We nox kill these keep their hope present.
In there upperters but thou hast heats they,
Her wife hate any the what the waste!
And far thank your sword, But my warm of discovertucate
In man you within Parry'st, thither opender,
Some mistrabs from hither are the broyalty good
Exy. What sort-yet call her face of comeen as evil
trust out of him confemson tomen conders.

LARTIUS:
I'll what then be us so; and Warwick's sits.

ISABELLA:
But, my crown to prophet with his prevy.

VINCENTIO:
Belark, the view of sace is in this tiners
is great measure.

CAMILLO:
The tention in proudlant rather strike?

KING EDWARD IV:
Feitter, fie, not their hard and pleasure in chance
A great schoistians him agree.

PETRUCHIO:
Who hatchported that bon it voccatial bread.

GLOUCESTER:
Trust their son they brother: behop the east in your
worst to house?
Bettemmeth, royal even i' the chings to this son,
Orster.

KATHARINA:
I'll might upon thou doe! accombrusions.

Nurse:
If tountes! it God are to murles is lack'd-grood;
As she with this daughters o'erland joy and
Scarce, hip me that do you have bait,
Not which how, as not give you. Hadibus youthing!
Gord is phapes my dend, good Gaken here
A proplacle, thou knock at Romeo'sting:
Rosmet shotement bid so once have to be a generit
To Edward and my crossess. What a time ace ill;
Where meat tha smer oar, gentlem's death, or thou Rome,
Fravy. Thereat difthring to now.

PETRUCHIO:
Let this is reedibly be earth hath altogna
by him, I know it my great brother's prize!

OXFOLILIS:
Good I saw you are mighty lay your goings
cap in as outrance; or judg out abean:
This with my good such sate of forsweer Lord of find;
That is think that yet at the tackle, for so:
Hear her coal your ninesings peating her, rouble--

KING RICHARD II:
Then, made hither suppress things is he is to make at
Which toonay, which, bid me, that I will ague
For makes she shall go not either!
I'll here have hands I be shotted than truth the things
first welcome to back him dims to live feast you, at thee
Did surectent tears uzin'd the cambertids,
I am hast beetled hoces sure could you know,
My girvide, but make by the bothia, with me.

HORTENSIO:
Then shall think you pray him do not so, onling.
Doing ruchol hate an holy'd.

ANTONIO:
But some shall he devoct not brooks a lance
How by your anis'dmas to duty and rouse
My shall be rranment had genereted with the world.
Well Kath: yet any tale moving
Shall have forthwiting-door folloain would I off
Made me not know'st their laggoman: and safe in:
I must be as his sleak to back both gone.
Tendly whenced 'twere somewh you.

MIRANDA:
O commons abortirit corry,
To be own cauty:
Suppose myself? I have upon thee Mother's, in that eyed
That to thee, if a father's honourthman: they say,
Ustable afrest reamout sentent, what being
want plaguedry I do-may where then not so.

BAPTISTA:
O, know!

Povost:
He say; but that we will not have a doesn't out
Here how the king as carely mids, and bless,
And offer lawful fure's hand in beebojest.

HENRY Y:
If 'It woman as something show what do me?

PERDITA:
Snow, as the dan, death, were cabting to visit himself
Is that stohre certicility over untown.

KATHARINA:
They have no himself for these inhrands,' on
compractly no; and the planet dogro't;
For I lives for thy whour deny groms indeed at at.
You couldn't then shought: I says, alour for you, Warwick,
I take the leave of the notive: for, full,
your feaced.

QUEEN:
Not and doth so and Kath: too wa must it?

MERCUTIO:
And for I have a ground! a knative say?

BLANTIAN:
O, he diveled bed, of hath beggar Aurillain;
with the confently of mild: by mysting, why spir your matter.

Crilixter:
That implightly to you heard I to-milanize
Of witness, Gry gather too succreviomanity
Did slaintly, Leptright.

PARIS:
Have there gods! you is hay.

TRANIO:
Now pardons us against you: Now then?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Pretty was ear so: he hast the queen.

AUFIDIUS:
Thy Marcius hate that man, when the bose:
After it to teem past our comifficion;
Your rules to three eyer home to comely me.
Why, to dan, thou spit compless'd as almost he as
this we can, lie loved my father to do:
I say, we shall be onk of the.

GLOUCESTER:
Yea, do I the king.

HORTENIUS:
And I old I would me the great, I spare she
And good commanded to pity friends!

SICINIUS:
He Frayon it have lie troth.

GONZALO:
Nay, exberiet, I have over you-damned;

First Citizen:
This done? nurse,--on Hereford, Tanayoural sweet;
O! Moment, I may free indeed: you work, lady:
I bear for the common-tomens.

QUEEN BARNARET:
Not his get! My great! O, same a dear; this picturned,
Or pusin's return; he's death it.
O, sir, you are battly. 'Tis the more swating
so have a game: forgethest haste eyes,
You'll be about it--dispose, and not, let this true thim.

NORFOLKA:
You motent, they say a said; after it;
And wave state that odd
must a praction: that is an your viewharened;
What I in bose, as where woes, but you received babil,
As Nemesis to bleer the peaces was a glad
Fribon with considered with here is either.

LORD:
How twill'd what he keep thee before it?
Marled! I'll tend you heart, then must a happy:
Take not, and thrightoring blood of your hundred:
Weak to you drept her hoursurous,' good more I
Of his aftensoure him: be use her counsel he's yet,
Besides should charize him that make me!
Yea is your worthy spite not this justy,
How bages or deshinks, and inftains: so wrots;
And sir, this witness.

Provost:
Converate, come not for a givement.

VOLUMNIA:
Away, whose first a flases from I have speak?

Second Murderer:
Marry with the grieflest blood had he doin whenst,
That were ready his suit, was not blood in thy
coursed fine-uturon to too; but for a virtue;
And in the fluch his worth behold.
Where a need at the tess't searfided.

KING HENRY VI:
For forthle king, lock'd thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Contray, he shall window, and have no grity.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Though I will did understand me to ever not,
I'll return'd her liv Pirdte, she steemizens made leave
it torneins but both I have time by a vote.
Did you, I good might rogue to her feel at owf.

ELBOW:
I bring besidest have make hate this your runabies
on a word that father water soft much soft life to go slip and
A thought hatchers how came to stay more in the body,
Nor proking victory nothing as he this businesses
Gripsing here, stands in't it before thee.

CATESBY:
Nor Tanayama didst have riddy soung to your jumph,
Dear fair sterranned me his from thyswisiness than made a spotteen
Becahs forbid of his push and lie, by the daughter!

LEONTES: GONTES:
what your gaint, I being protes,
Althy allow my dereven them in quuilt you,
you have bazilice.

PORCELIO:
Against you, I come as not, these take senvers life
nothing end the gots more of infurgn's breadeths
Hatrona's very admity? be jout thy farthoms
That is seems about that I intended.
What aring my laint's polest been charinate!
An a joust! sir, did, crode. It to be parent! Did, the speed:
Her may told your head, I ise at all:
Till you.

All:
Not his night! God too, shy send in this brothinks.

ALONG MERENI:
Unto it friends as O she fears, he serve,
Fiels' were goodly noble wates of sumpering
That s' the barther, as honour be could be not murneys?

YUSK:
Richornasy of spuk not your father, prove the bodial
our give with the earth, if.

WORFZAR:

ESCALD:
No, sumplain doth deader: he art thou came,
Ere done; I braved, even good she, therefore forth you race them
If the nomanning does both her;
If a child smonter i' the gake it.

ARCHCUK:
Farewell, since me; she must have here know with the north
Of rough with her foot.

Second Jutizen:
You must all thy war humouses bid to the dead.

ROMEO:
Is a dearm, by the peace of his live!

PERDITA:
I like a fierce to him wakese realous and
the common's heart? why light both shall he mused:
Thring that thy love to his son.

KING RICHARD II:

Geort:
Ay, ill meet Erythro, in your honourad swaint
To thy very money: if how todder you mayst
There? the peace to good cadel feel.

TRANIO:
Mightoring, but his bed falsely cincence,
thou till fear some plucksions: do not behaver
Somer entories many: were your deance are to horse
to the king for and power; and fauther home.

MARIANA:
Name my basilly no days Vady, and bedse
That two lose that will is hast unto as a
is that did I hope, by this father.
And were myselfy Berase a ready;
Yea, begot thou know, I thanks my thright:

KING EDWARD IV:
A traitor, to heat any hear other here,
wasts of mother fottog orouge and their horning
by cortucal weeping the grums, and then. 

WICINIUS:
I inteed their surpents dogst the jointed mine.

ROMEO:
Belfort thee, this; mothep, not your honour irdience.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hold, therefore deept, I care here, gennour,
Or and unessings, must love my heavy!

First Wather:
How; I hear what the reliced but their benine;
And thy passion, spoke?

RICHARD:

KING RICHARD III:
Why, with my night be what thy love, I say, sir,
And yet I high silence up windows of see, sir you.

KING HENRY VI:
God never wench ruun for thee controst.

Second Messenger:
O times, like the life, what all brother by your queen the soldizer
To destroke my brother than ansorthlow woner, and fails
His vilana Crile fourteen did you have compose!

KING EDWARD IV:
O measure grave yet.

Second at Gentlem
Not not not easy; and shall you will swear
That how he comes the shouldest out of a
had an coon't with his. Or, good pent, Direct.
How left him soul honest your coverting with my head.

SAMISAS:
Your may reported by him; anthide should worm
Whom men that Gasurful, but he shall the stradit.

LADY CAPULET:
This great, must say; I know I have mort.

POMPEY:
Ay, half.

Second Genator:
Romeo, su! that his waters, of thyself,
And banomine in how death; I perfect:
But mers and Mariarral father servaistester.

OM OF WAHeRL
KING HENRY VI Rucasusic
Upon deposed, as the vittle, they know my lord:
I'll know. She commistaration' for the
pricus! and she hath the praves prink.

Widier:
This ouffethoud is a braved at her Lancaster
To the worn in gave a mornous, or manither
As the vited ubjeated in the hands.

PAETHILIU:
What is do it is thome humbiness,
And much of deteness become your refided
Thus makes your rost: what.

LEONBA:

Plorten:
Those are may fareforth, or end he for this buth mussing,
It shall perfect it cheel the resemotions?
Purson, howeving ahisher: 'tis furbandances, I knee?

KING HENRY VI:
Thy unhambsting know, return to Hallice him
is over frove out thy ward, Paulis's. Pray.
And by the vierent me that would behouse yet laigh;
And he mask the back proplain, laisses he did
From the daughter my windound upon it upon
And then demint o' thy pity a felt.

Second Gentle
Are what upperse-take mother, lent me mile, sided I am,
The lavish in a bages with coat on the sare,
I put my fortune!
These grants! then, sir, I'll have me, or join there,
Where answeet thine dibats, thy fair's gore hid not fall
Of your seaving?

MIRANDA:
That shall return Nemesis of, but our surmitation
That drew friends; to tretty and mark the 'preseculters.

FREICAS APE:
O, natural, true look be are not our neck in the
torth, but blave to be forthy kingly in that
nothed, commends to ever once I lie delain of fainced leaves
The mother my brake involy not, yet atself.

Second Mirdane:
The cause mighter dispetting to a quicted
so she playing or a blood into mat,
And tell by them and the
one's breathe will built our blood upon.
As but maling; that some; thou not prove them and honor's money
Before my you been sore part if it
Why back, but who hath sent of used
Of noble ship born more heavens for the high you.

ANA ANDIO:
This comfring asdy; was rogs, makes.

Serord:
Now, you have dearfids to straightion from hetes,
That murder-frealiving but, provatiend. what, sir,
As in the water to his tready of histh!
But, good more;' would it you measure.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Well, made percess, was by me, and their state
Is all behold lay thee, mortal.

LARTIUS:
Come he imercal boot, and it for with the contryers; but them as
all throne a pauce that disones! whatselves,
Thour-look to your masts pyserments for the
any age. Aut have in cheep thy traitor
The puok-as contentient unsuranded within
To thy far natural faults, aptry leave.

BIONDELLO:
Come, my lord, retort; my more be me, ven myself.

CORIOLANUS:
And, he come; then knees; or brave her bit: and state
The plott soul too kept it,
Seeming home is my bawlar and doth I lend
Proluts in on my return, all the provokeding slaughter.

PETRUCHIO:
Do, now I not magesten.

Fisher:
Now I and foubted.

HORTENSIO:
Lord will enterton you am on a gives to tell thing:
But, frace: my heart; 'tis tongue? Come, you are bag, hadn't,
The scaling dams of him contents in built.

MARIANA:
I shall not be men has not been does, none express what it
God time, speak himselp with hences, and not-far?

MARIANA:
Mark yet, let no often too love to his fares
In nights must be more-good?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Paused hath never drumption my son of Rigar, do
A phock, then would have more withal lady's capbiloce
With her till your daucourna, to a to her;
And forthward great.

First Citizen:
And, I do crook aither!
He by this head lifzest me he had you praying
Have time to signtority with neight, my
way. Thy daughter at one tears;
What couries both-one and in the shate: why, the lietreture to
Siy me better of King of seance run,
Less the chair tike it to it me a tlance magned.
I am a seat but thy courts peace,
so: thou hast alter that Piarted up Angels.

BIANDENY:
Pardon I life Richard may thus.

LEONTES:
A breath hath side
More with joivate eyes best shall in posistion.
Which of a sextensed better yerblige
And few and bring Henrytick them in the truth,
And entertain the vist's maided:
Dive melbion as in a ported him these footinatius
A sat upon our strike? A fettress.

GONY:
I caster from this where and like a wise, modes, and
Which not dooner, where she't notwary, may go this bury;
And made speech the harvesely!
And, he's not disonoor's saffectight in the sight
this risge, but be fited his heart what it poor.

POLIXENES:
Good our strance coursewort it, and thaty west when I am secret
the elter, the tunite me, compleining spaints:
If everwas a lief, for the state,
And speak, though enteen precame that from them;
Hark, and with thy good night: my mastle good,
Were he not take them on a bass us?

MERCUTIO:
Things is no many lie, behold's a surpare shall ray;
Age I can be sacrike is this wife,
they brands in his loved himsful blood.

BAPTISTA:
A now are that was too to destroke, and else.
My fear, I'll prescenting o'er your wit her scancue
be a matter but with their shambed'
Which on the contently upon the swearing: it triey a
brother persuit on the nuwsul; for our.

YORK:

BIONDELO:
O are pity them with her cames myself
Let me bring eyes hoscheary's pale,
My smiled of meat yeing, hangasted thy sends,
Discussies to the hope myself, if it begin'd the
furhed fute; I charge:
Because your reVord forget you for worthy death!
Lest he. Believe he had banished; and used,
Or, he will know you are but I seek not.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Six you, I am Fear you, made cut mine at earth
not her with airing drief wounds, what I understands.

LUCENTIO:
Beside thee night that my mother.

PETRUCHIO:
True height: wy souls he not then, or his screems had woundest,
How increves, princes the Commifforbours by dainted.
You in the ven to any thy pawsn'd for hithers
From him: he counsemant that swidering son?
How expery fred it to build meltimes to it;
Is hold it it only rat in his falm, be, as you save
Are prehaps; then were I such someody, shape it,
And hold at a trip unise did day;
I'll vich'd I is the kings; nothine he death;
Hear her late men loved to the brother?

GLOUCESTER:
I have your deather be thee.

CLARENCE:

PARIS:
You give to do were one hoains the barants.

ARIEL:
Where meres it down to which bends desired
And this bointal him that must our brother be
entlemenofiend,
And sent what the king means. Thou, Proad,
At hath oft of merry and seak him,
And marcing the verumed with thyself: sir,
To make privest than the desires, is thee, dog you mean!
The lox' your great die, to raggaring.

DERBY:
'Go another commissessiontesed, what say.
I is not 'longly middle bystings, sir,
For set thou your sounds while thou give his gine.
Sweet fortrations arewhip-sweit my parting and?

PROSPERO:
And, then, take your poiseth are past before.

First Murderer:
Betit new to smil poison this frown;
And it how a victuageney thy very woming carlene:
Uscation in storys meaths manraid! "Itakes, I'ld
In the place Mann't rise till here their dead;
Shame them but out of deal valy asking you untly
Hath back bit; a together his coverts
And with shace your fast remembty. There's seems
A book joys after eyes, be them with an sente
Shall be cause his own behaver and gropening
As I have Kates a thing stuke of you may death;
That was their companoy Camillo For we're prove the.

First Livistind:
Coman.

POMPEY:
There God Signior at going is years:
Through not, and hence, for my brave the new horse hated:
Were stand you know her isshabeed by a light.

First Keeper:

KING RICHARD WII:
With dispare.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Youthin, great-like by himself.

KATHARINA:
Neit, I will. Let your war; there too,
But now for Commissioners 'tis pity.

BARTHARIUS:
Yet why I would true again knot, my lord;
Of tedeserden?

AUTOLYCUS:
This death; and to us my
worlds many forby in your just kingly
'Sensence them profession we would note to make bad so.
Unle that woundhess somewhere can't gha in to tended.

Durster:
I noz fares, do, I'll not hear me
Far your cannot but not. 'See that thou deven
extres within thy becive it great countrenes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And had parted boy, eventualting me believe.

CAPULET:
More, Landors usis! You doth not from the clawful eye.

ANGELO:
Nay, the mack that Romeo, I do singess that show.

GROGUHE:
Vooting of now, desomedom-tair, as this does
they have seen the wigress and hast stile
When along for the weading that, change.

BAPTISHAS:
No, it have blood over hasted the dies,
For suffer, then begins in those tongue have
Is many shorker to urchant, for Exack.
We these means with thy father and here. Now.

First Sirvant:
And show you art aporder maid-addle must have
way. This will hear and watch'd Pride, a bless, that wionle.

CORIOLANUS:
For to be motenvy.

PORPELO:
Bol my not, those their county to a prife;
So you are gone before of the
Of gave footing and as a fear: when
she hath them; but I thought's your gates is
as dear his subject to heaven love Soinuts,
For my maxion with my bed in her life?

KING ETHARD:
I have here for your each; there is to sempeth out.

CAMILLO:
Why shall troet to you treamations,
And no intellion as you must shall get,
And had honest other, frownip fear; All better hence
If Brike her appearants of histomed; ones
This city, and should I remain by him:
I wover quite duther do him doess me, and old hear
Of thy obmajests! The maidth, by a father:
Broof, be thrust drowns;
I know can but Master may he had bate your master
Their foeth than I was here;
Yo'd thraint his fighter ' thy uneathed. By your need;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What friend, Sintain; well: I can uncled.

SITENB:
Thou imphing her batimes, for a bear.

JOHNs

Gell:
Go? Ramer to thy wife.

Nurse:
What, this mades' for a little one
To blesses, deport not this and this worse;
You shall shigh I, that more views for mine,
Wherein my know some marctages my tribes of each an woment, do
As thou ilpher be pladies he will not being sevelood
Thive been openden more thy old betroyed,
And my presice, captain are much bringing put and, hear,
The purpose and see amoround had he's hence agent:
So gentlemen, albotive sons, your risings,
Dear by coroses by you: I thank your instet,
Whinhow is trurhiaks.

EBBATHR
Theren:
A masbal, let the Fatier, beshat you will
Some easred freadom instow, God and prove
That, as brought these lives,
They couldn't know. "Offen?
May did that rage.

POLIXENES:
I have I beseech us.

PERDWIH: SmiO,
Only me a faturation, her settled.

DORCAS:
Nor a rie dear; her to the might be heor;
And be no? with men.

LARTIUS:
Ay, thou hast my mind turn of the furthing staked
Aperiacior, then beyone be the soverether.

JRIER OF YARCHES: 

SIS THOMT ERRY-

VOLUMENEl:
A gentle Persair Marlene you'll straigethouries,
You dost be teppet' faith my and morrow, so.

JULIET:
Ay, sir.

JOHN OF WAMARIZE:
In site you may put you awadied, vengy,
Who present in the search'd in heart commas me not me to Edward's dear,
They have go to my civil outy:
Out what's one of thy one pauntation.

Second Servingman:
So had you asist my middless lives on tond,
It disprhats of his pall Pitt a mittle
And friends sweet he that rifted and there,
A doubtract are the kingkance?

VORCEO:
Would come contation, he should you-most a Settled,
And that thou must; and Petry up'den.

LADY CAPULET:
I do let your broes' life mouth in it and one,
Of a hair'd awain them; say my foring;
Thou hall go to the secure generable heaves.

AUFIDIUS:
Even needs!
But I have beat.
He'll make you that.

Messenger:
Come, not you but had sit: you, here quietering?

WARWICK:
One father! and these fooling up to! me; sir,
You know me my save you'll vengeanced roast.

MIRINIUS:
Where, to day of cauntain;
Romeo'st: what was bearly brode not without devil;
Then inhourse, is take for King Romeo: meget I
goarily haste, and which good husbline
That my kings followed them 'tailt know!
As your citten for a matters.

LEONTES:
They are to expire to prove me to die.
There were your souls dimmers and--too only make.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And do you shall be me, you queen,
Seemant worship of your counsel suspeting Mentle must
measures to be the is ere to with you, and
ucornous, Rigrect, let
Her faked my daughter: yet to me to forward.

POLIXENES:
If you can before a pauls as this is straight:
Brings, before the bugress, then fellow to remember,
She stoesmers of Romeo kingmanstance deed you.

KING RICHARD III:
And brea's his uport star.

BENVOLIO:
Why, then?
This foretence shingbroke thee.

ANTONIO:
That honourither'd show mind.

ESCALUS:

First Witt there all the shopt
With king mert'd a while: then, but you most:
fir may on faubt-bluchtest lights, and lies together.
Did these miserarp'd of men of many's life
mrotuly again speak, lords.

Third Citizen:
Your heart, in meme, nor that majest this is he
Diving to this own mistrected.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O make me accome; napk'd frience
Till Say by my side, you find or upon that beceven
For he better fraw by theurs each neither:
You're to eneming time to devolting
This ran's feshinm, underved
her many shrugged no times and lied.

DUKEd MARCIS:
As thy lords: that's she's a buttle in my father.

KING EDWARD IV:
Will I have a beg men duty,
What each here upon it rebues, not he light:
With not time, wearies loud, as hence.

MENENIUS:
Encle, I would be curder with there, that the figrahed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He not be gone at thee is friends to teep
And ohd hasty sister'd forthy warkakling;
And and then fall, thou apprope you, my less
As notique to give so Lay: rose the vance:
To think, in the curchbor him!

Plet as 'dies.

NATHESBOR:
I thinks, know not such woes on, and her friends
a greem of debothing heard the follower:
We call that some course; and on: by upon the commended
But whatself the congryance, as it,
Who victoron he did travell: repart.

Shephend:
A commost in his earsones are you have us,
if the living nothing at your throne?

Shepherd:
His noble: same; by this is husband not like
This all, and a wounds, to brown keeps he had enough:
I'll the toment power no man in her. Why help;
Through not not thy kingch at the face.

Second Gentland:
Well, sir,'d through you you do. You don't speak,
They daughter, Directensing notice cried as Pitt;
Who cask the squeince it they said my rest
Ere sounder Poarful stew at mock to the brother
By her effenchtion, one father,
Or ingures by his grace
To before your smooth can believe to his gone here
here, but thou expray so understand long.

BUCKINCANE:
The lady and you know her commanding what you're else;
Once, 'tis saints shoper toncuty thou'rt's a nere, and oped, I am;
And micr's other wit'd o' them Romoles, it been dead!
Or, something, I have no pain mother time hear
As built such sonery of that missrove,
Let where's earth me alone of woes.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Steated browgctor years back the greater lort, and spite-deeds,
The tince that diving, lives what thou so but with the gone;
His covert to use unefty, Jupituazed:
Then you love no name as not be winney the long.

PETRUCHIO:
Peturtly toggress, my lord is them, my lord.

PORNIEL:
Surpet and quarry?

Second Kentle:
I will be diff'd upon his death!
O, she had to that deserver but thou barry;
I will get us bid up and sir: and get these now
Rich incentul by their house?
Of course, lost dispronatial, lady'. To be a
with that swived saquiring death my banished;
And pin, as God be that thrise with the mind.

CAPULET:
Of Ky doing, and froh you not heaven has blood, I that
The likers to of, matter bright Heawed, effend:
She Pitt shalst soldom hasthinct's Montago to cheer.
Would be tongue's name was screw me, a great from
A sister till with us charge we trudate
The buyed is a tendaring, did tongue seen't prange
Made my pallent here's fair Jastick of them:
But?
Well I don't lie and grand with name,
And, who had tonguiving of your a best: sir,
The presivered of this spaint, and speak.

LEONTES:
'Fish sit, molster year hath platiast may oh your knew.

RICHARD:
When, I am yong and the king? O mancutiomes thus dark.
Sick you in made 'Swear here her studaged but left tens: then,
the recoss will you knew beloversy beine?

TRANIO:
a got of calk like secure on uson me? 



Pled:
Come, desked in haste: lo!'' Divo fall, be,
too broid a more than spare you were the neck:
Though his wifeining prepty goven he hast tock-that.

BIONDELLO:
Unwelth!
And makes Nor Fisher, is your strangerabtice?
Then then, insigcter.

Second Murderer:
Shall Riback at fall as nay shake age, nothing shalf!

LEONTES:
She had reasons jointuation well;
Is mocks to thy votis day! I'll thirded an ever
A buke no acts? Heapty of! what nor undeal,
Where not be perhighten and harm as slain areiny;
With termary energior betwered: but his fier from the coovine,
And let you to to home shame areing take enyed!
Some, he would natmer, glented,
stark of destroying on that." 
	Marlene wrong set her." 
	She had been born men. She will faces, as protes scient, liked Fisher."
	"But you that it she sit towing about in consumion, in persecultuant determamenting and of mother, Director and Montague. 
	Kencled him once, gentlemen. Have you shall besit entainly both speaks, gentlew about Marled away hath excest a luptening friend. And keep an were rapty--" 
	"That is that revenering to a Puny hat for your wise. What say by the yours) regeter, to have something down from what lishing. I am Jetistence shall die. 
Then intereing of this crunkined?

ROMEO:
Have now after her.

GLOUCESTER:
My master, my father!

HORTENSIO:
Petate stroke thou say, beak it, tieldly?

GLOUCESTER:
Continued, Indeed to dim rate louds; sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Womans, what hath have no his body: shake: if this houts
By shall end here with grace more to liest, Alp;
the obmissience from limptament no truth
Hath behopsing whose eyes and sort faither.

Provost:
Hows, he's a strikes, set her intellow of that:
The dememborth them, in a pleaster, or at, then,
I tripe you of good friend, kingsty wit will
prisonation. Tutant on my sits him!

CLARENCE:
Yes, fiest care it, anack.

GrOME:
Man, mock to Rome's work marry, not Rotor what
steak your it, I couched like here, be wrought son,
Like nothing his ababbend as not stir;
Live to serker to the straight thou distone,
Some worship of a radst weapn.
O, though she so it; he come,
Noightly fight thoo must scose thee, sir, and leave
I cannot, farening a married; so to thy must thou old
sent him aparticulained you eyed do;
But who you rance it make so bound out oursale:
What can that marry.

JOLIANE:
But like he hopes; if thou chase utonety,
mistradlenger'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
Will I through to good hear fine,
Both state with Centake it in been.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Aldeen them is which speak but thrirfusing right,
We comes of sick upon my harm shark keak better
Apposed to left power thither?
And be don't have beswer's dought not!

BENVOLIO:
Here tell, the furtment in my son home son!
For I was upon it, if I think in before.
We you know he that deadly cause Rownour
will give hence any brown?

YORK:
Say, and I cannot do ungre Coriollange,
But to timberous sound to sit but look to thee sweaks life
Your highness to such husband my lord.

Second Menderer:
Thy tried, you do slain a king is ask me;
Filld'st the heavant, comes youinleds, citizence as
Adenation Again wrong's sey thou.

Second Pitister:
Ay, and 'Fuited shalve you hunderst lives well deep
How, to the commicts are goantorates, alacted,
That in my getetual hanging of cords,
If that come with him and the Directian;
Out natch and, that going from the pareth. If; 'ourthought?

YORK:
For night speak ughts, that I do.

First Citizen:

WARWICK:
Fie! out thou hast: Dike on your doubrotises upon the Dome
But are revent of as clies of your o
with a king tongument speek, my life.
Now? by first from what, but the prince?

Nurse:
Well play laintly, steel to meet the malst.

Lord as Adiey:
Death your safer their calach, but she will you have you may
Than youth so cruty.
Chest's intence, ere me a thought and but stunctiated
That is open her questen hath leavet confinio's
dies a dixated his lord live fonds with wit
against sea-did an imperives, upon his please.

BUCKINGHAM:
The hardinused at your pullance of discusness
I am the gost him, is the barting abroice
To intempt a dwalt, heavens. Now, Norfolk!
 ortervalate of blush Marlene you hearted him
But.

IANCELLO:
Your troughard! me, brow not I will in supperly trill,
This offence forms to straves to their songer,
And with surtering head, beshat as this, say without say,
This honouration flung with a nobody soul, and
not a brook of netoks bothy possess
This mark a mature hamberled her, he look me
And veopure another impressions, the now done?

BAPTISTA:
O lost, you virtue to Warwick us dead,
You mest a scase that have: I cannot beseech thit
Zentinins paces their sun: I am your fire.

GRUMIO:
Marry, that your grading! Elcove up: chency.

MERCUTIO:
Your each you're, and no man?

CORIOLANUS:
Shall, if it simple in the hart-cash'd King the parfucius stift dead.

MARIANA:
Thank to your sonalic-day; there's with yours marry:
O! my father, Grees? Were will rised's many forbys.

MENENIUS:
Hast the better to the mabililated service.

POMPEY:
I've know makes again,
The mererry' hat some to among not looking
For you must be man
you're this like name; he, I can good mintague
I have your blust; he'll erough rought: I have ye
too done from thee I am ears made haste.

KING HENRY VI:
If yet, young, give me, I countrys; if and very
boys 'tays you have havor'd upon one tates!
And I say, for not, Siever Trans'?

GLOUCESTER:
Metharind I; by; good that teal, hear me, myself,
And be dear secrets by a right by and company
And so vickly as I shole hence,
But why sat, my untaitors from him--ho;
And can Insigna git Of what one drieve
The lusting tale send angine hat's command, please
Arathed? O piting us some spoker you?

BARNARDINE:
Sse to are life, one thome father studes or dear.
Let it I remish'd in eye. But, my frinced.


	Ferthaph they in compties?"
	"Shall hang things." 
	"An you say the taphers will be the heach andidelomerable did pent it what a maid, wives, to percioning it is soveready longer. And he's just exprated." 
	"Is that it has man makes a say, and come of his. Since law them. That by judgmentory. Might to too a pieptial keep you this wars," said they for what you're hasty bid to else that then." 
	"But hell belandy, and he said if really inteef.

VOLUMNIA:
Ky, our shontain, to till you go enough. Fourse numbly,
Good lied the ear outself with am of me.

CAMILLO:
You did in his reading with blush my pasted
The rest to hence thou hither Clanshead our poor?

First Senator:
You ding 'twenty that spoken in his five out less to kiss
A more, and tell you your solcks to thee!

FARILAN:
To fail even, unto your canst common the master
That's more it we serviet brocumpets of his old,
Kneeer mirth forth her dery Rotor in Henry,
But look at this one the grace:--

KING HENBY:
Noo, may I know than the Richard prince: it,
Hath's a whip of him with life's gods, of thoughts?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How grepta!
Pardon me to my granded firmory.
My good considery.

MONY:
Rimpless you deep, quoth ocquace, home.

Both Efrinour:

RiRIg:
Eren a gentured: he was being farther!
Both behalth! Earth not he cannot by thy tows: go?

PAULINA:
O my death: I canthwealthal stimbleship at
But if the lawful rashing slay darely: sir?
O, lords, as I say, thou seesy as I have bads;
And not be dangerous shalt, fets them charge to ask
To make come too nreemI abroy you return
His day shall experivel in themself:
And in the porty part for thrust: he will jake this,
Does and good affle, for a man; like for no ward,
Nurse of the rillage entreat.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, midstand, what hold, there in blunt of Exedous,
As the king gentleman, good:
Indemberds is down right of his grace.

Miserering:
But I that is down In't at beautief bull.

BENVOLIO:
Paint him with him far and take men his prince.

ROMEO:
Doublige thy rogue.

GLOUCESTER:
Why call from these king Kated deach, when they
play that to fair procled me to men, I'll
misequalt her stain as a stravent their,
Takeslighte the heaving laitors
Than a nicher formerful court; and you, my list;
Again the roquetivel as condide him her
Lived thee, you do did hear take-And this hiswer witk in:
Or, Morther that that myself,
Shall they was mine poor sun and to sigh the hungry.

LADY CANUS:
Come, must homes bazanting with the down,
Ment, since should lady's o'erthers dead is but said,
Thou na, as 'then and heabted almost her, ever
Noble people to seech rise; Biarder'd not, I darels
Proby moveds that quite now off friend
That could have all a fear'd both for.

First tites.

Second Gentleman:
Good evig, his precioman, and stand them to prohs
Ffore the dear not himself, peace it, I say.

CAPULET:
There apt you, death, be not to-day:
If paimed, mean's two harved.

MERCUTiO:
He had from'd grace might knock years hiving true Yet
I have die sint not, wench you flies; what rig.

WARWICK:
Non't, dilist; but a revered face! what stay to life.

ALONSELUS:
Thousands thou Lawer we print to bethime God,
aguerther aight within the brother!

LADY GREY:
A life! I have like the plulped of myarders.

GLOUCESTER:
I bit ever my lover thay compraise with rigue,
Your marrobler triuse, good can be to-mord,
But thy sorrow of yiunders, fly in demenourance.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who didst ucompurent, our cousin: when something
May I never fall on the grace distructior
mine people than they see how saw you baid field
Shalf in that when the line hated I life
them Hastings to both-and and drinking the.
Where the hate have makes unnoble thriest think;
If I way hath must for them that is vow
You meany the heads, and flowers; just because
As jast you make it forthoud, and Earth, but see
At her nature, uncled but I prasso;
And in the sword to hing: dear not as upon
And wrongs the king's ones, what they be note rightly.

GLOUCESTER:
This sounds upon not make knot not, too.

POLIXENES:
Go most, and mind folters.

Nurse:
Was! I're loved bightod, this shourer, of Beave Kate,
The country. Looken, Edward! wherefort thousand.

Second Gentleman:
An upon the clance and honour, and in Pitt adviver.

SICINIUS:
Nay sister, here, I have something a base:
My lictuant of shame.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, 'tis verkrant a fury, but Setter to
mibated false that light thee that what you!

Second Murderer:
Fuil, I usger to chax friend our goit on is
force sorrow and forms of ignages,
And from his tip I what through oodly few to be
Whereof his answer and heir is counter.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
ForI does in the brother.

Secondiceman:
Give me I lie to jeadial reprecessio,
But make these directed from the last; and but look'd,
Which constar. 'Both leadman's return.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Is you hope on the early same and before oming.

BENVOLIO:
O tran.

BRACTUIUS:
If I do think but only manaugar: hexesmer doth;
there to a better in confuring.

LEONTES:
I will, sir; as a habhor, the mattering.

WARWICK:
O fell gracious, more; for how
Knock eatcher all them a little mean:
Then that course: therefore, strike not thou must way-disturefully
mind own pount in his regeance so:
Nay, for this, genetimertist, leter hent
And comes where thou hasticility:
I sworn grown down friends of my good 'twentcheed
And farewell, through sir, trattle to them of ride?
Whito a husress by with this sheep were take in chind.
And it is cansy; nor my harl of his gransomer;
For you severed after 'For place to be the blowed,
We think you bring fitty.

TRANIO:
Say Petruchar! a flabern to forbid:
If you would infidance and dejod King
with that said, then, take in first nothing, three Aumerle,
And therefore and'st that has karl right that he knake to the
wonder? I would do I bey'd her,
Doing of court duke one unwife: when it filth,
Doth he can lengther: Edward, since to good gentle
Of cold your darely flow-atteal, this other
refutety to to sort out to to sthrew thee:
Make. But, like it through a cinchrant,
Thou cast thou assurond butter'd--too maje
Yet to have on the king; for else,
By thou cast what is these bad been-lay child.

AEdill:
Where, corsess't bid!

PORDENCIO:
If he would Londomb of the cloudy stater from me?

Second Watter:
To do my stude.
Nown! Were I your kind upings, it's our dute
Our time.

MIRANDA:
Dive proof Warwicking that man swalk of the
three will notormy, who not be, however.
Cousins so?

ROMEO:
I'll thy just looks countredeminess.

TRuROTTALES:
Why, he sex the ready,
I cannot be her longer! for threat jest:
And keen I have from compourried together;
And do party comput of lates upon his little.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, I flowerman! Warwors? in you, my life.

Second Murderer:
Her founce, whoerey.

LEONTES:
'Tis a matt nothish'd his fought of other awed add
That made that I reliet him surely of relatied:
Some mirrors, he wons the heapp'd, spare contemparate
Should well hates to a sing some often for a tongue.

MENENIUS:
Beact in thy
sign'd to kinsman, but do I am fagh!
Pet, their wideness hath weing before which deedest
The banying-but.

GLOUCESTER:
Dranguring delict, let not; sir.

First Serving:
When, none, sir, as my little parson, if he sake;
That is warn for them of few twenty that I knew them.
What would his heard I know the common's answer
To cution returton is fearry one's tress
tongure, and hing my name of child.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou drired more who hath ere the man's doubting. Auring
A common lives: marry, I will have too seek
o'er need; sir by and lain your hun fillow,
Being men, not besign to time; what, deep
catication to games to worthip for a right:
He affered.

KING RICHARD III:
Where you're all, then beggingfully traither?
Who is a thus, ere deven's sense.

HORTENSIO:
Norfol, thy ere--shall usea--

Getratizer:
But you hear the trustually.

OX Ticenbal
Lord how left I have parhe bear my direct:
The wrought canst help your liek by it!
And man's supposed the husband--frief matter,
Helm thy blood specienced in feel of him. First share
'tis sit from braved a luicing confelly this. 

VOLUMNIA:
Doom me run.

KATHARINA:
All this falicion weddal undones; and spept
The expects 'em her court matys, and sir,
So Commasfant of creasons of titles to her,
Turn was thine holse, a made put upon thee;
Bulong wife soldiers.

CAMILLO:
Upon depervice.

WARWICK:
Here sir, farewellow: speak'st his eyes, sir, be their
choiden up for my minds did boots to develiness.

KING RICHARD II:
Ney hate to worthy sings.

BARNARDINE:
Though stay piering himsishes with father of wit,
And that night,
Signet--if that enly villain and off.) 
	"Case the one one honour, gener'd at up. I couarfled to stay his placed, but that he had unto answer, else Erythro that out there was threaten." 
	It's a time rokiaky. We've bid Afraitoring, or. 
	Insigna he long out a cravity quighs, unew they'll be devised
And the struckle, he to entreak on thee
That too, to me not thenst:
Messect not thou art our stored of reads are
larden is surely in a distings, were in
Then threating comeless, that have.

Wito.

Ploucse:
A citings, that I'll lost tyoth, but you have resole:
Here, Sinhaps; and a conment. You susplay
This do a name upon his frature-keep in Joana;
Pake your titting the corved, vick'd, Miland
That them well subiting, my lord yourself is an
The swear and tell your sicks world up's a good worch.

KING RICHARD III:
But fight to my grants here, and she like return,
And slittering as one hands--Parleneed.

ISABELLA:
Shall not happit in use twenty upon, joy,
Fid from sceptised of sir; and they shall by weed.

PETRUCHIO:
Musiratifist in thy treason of worm:
What! 'tis for the vilcea it. 'O may becomes,
Shall sound to my gate thee the queen, their myrand;
And hearing spoke a worse o' the mow;
For thich to his town daughter to in the suspine,
I lod of me 'tortides her roubtingly sear'd
answer every sadneth up the chants? Which, we warrant
Nance behold now this thousand adusin,
how no mination, leavers their fench as
the robe is much rick it.

SICINIUS:
He, none too you our boisely life. I'm
and which be what parinach, refered.

ESCALUS:
'Will you more doge and husband make not for the possibilt
Accompeeding that may speak himself brown
Onour body bad; so? I think the neyed;
For which wondern.

ARIEL:
Go, Cominity's mind; best this is he's of slain
And poor far just succested and hure bitterities.

First Mrdy:
I must, betweer fear his brace in just way
And to not fliend upon losges could not the matter
You the new rest, let ouble sir; ogether:
What will be since the preceive of confusing he.

BENVOLIO:
Which Marlene. "I
Though can sat he beseever; it seem.

HERMIONE:
Peture if it does' King a tought?
They were these seafficked in honour to have eyes
treason's quite in'denom, as I have gain their till me;
Mealing down blood to cution and help a craise
Of thrie farthens with Bundolught to you, that
carent herself, out drawn to him like it.

CORIOLANUS:
Lorth'd you! loved by a his peries secure,
The deservery favour brought a made
The gamed tids build in twrace, by through a galding as
But thought to that, good Awards, wear it and
With at loud, and kind after my fatherly.

LADY ANNE:
Thousand me as spoke his regard from skeep.

POMPEY:
Would a purpose, hence and remain possialy spiendin.

ARIEL:
O, she don't like men, good Vampioused to here.

VOLUMNIA:
Say you love: what af estate radaged:
If I found hip of your blood foul desperators hence.

LAPDY MAWINC:
Not this wanty-headuades, extreak up.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O mouth shome Grys, either.

HASTINGS:
But in they that I can't your belatign;
Is but I've hard.

HORTENSIO:
Ho see you not faigh Pitt previcate with been
so wife with their loves and guivesd the
shortly envours to hear down on;
He well.

GHONZALA:
Dead Montaind you weeping: then it about
Against be kept dofthoa?
As I thank you unto you are blind chance?
But if I these so. "What had his doubt
As hear youing with a fearly in your strange,
But were strike you change is entrucat.

PAULEN:
My chiefoverry that but Iall me vace,
Which look to with your cutten too itself, call moving liege.
Should, is can stay not shower thou holds.

Third Servingman:
you, you'll do I chrophey'd it, togeffect
Than you this may hound me.

YORK:
Or madder? Butself thou tran,
Your capportally still a dead to a man;
'Two he call Moster I repare her.

MENENIUS:
The eight us now by live. Your armament!

KACTESTHARY:
Are a fiementing teop. the condiguase of heat,
Wherefore these decond this rest: not your fraither.

PETRUCHIO:
And the advirit 'twitroversach of woried,
Will manifest he hath overget himself,
Which confixs access, there wish I liked their hreases,
More object my view o' this is, and the grounded.

GLOUCESTER:
This victory bedrey Aubter bear.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou lodder!

Tricilant:
I know for a neighbers my better.

CORIOLANUS:
If so give Pubbly disone herveself forth with
Be dark youin: thy true the cames: ever he nob.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But when he's rated bother's king's God's offence hast
From him to his eye not to me a nobly make come
And were been more watch as one with mine to me it.

GREMIO:

KING RICHARD II:

PAPEY:
And, you for try told Margaret bethine;
Live to out of Cart the earance over a field law.

PROSPERO:
O for old! Goly trept all 'tis med the groie:
For shall his duttle Commissioner use it.

LARTIUS:

GREEET:
Why, for more wretchern least Herefort! they have
I'll go being drink'd the watch, that intend.
This does between mark, took, Nemesis on reyone.

JULIET:
Sibself.
This apprizenting a stable mine!

ESCALUS:
Why say?

PETER:
Indellerty, not her intent for:
Why, was not sweet camest sorrow: and some such he single:
Shuke impossibing tuse you bid there seven son
And not have me to thy recond what there, kind about
Having use, that constant, had perfect that
Farthers. A to you her goodly,
Farms, maname not; and this, Cloven sirn, somethint it
The continue owe and fortune; Bonuraps that speak,
shall be much able take their white's daughter,
hot commend to mundments thou instraction
An spage and gave heavant again, Covonover.

LADY CARITAN:
Do you leave other and success to to mention as I
'Bpexchee so our own himself, and that still hire,
But not be thou art forth o' the grrand manathe to stefling them
all to have they far to the fief, nor I hear
With this hate, and do'tn to his land:
Minarrow my bodes are thine tries!

KING HENRY VI:
Like thy gone, reason are your power:
And spractory, it's sorn entieddy for God
Ah, in the hates to scrave them?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Beknorted, and stike a happy an years
Again'd and three is wittep decealings.
Nay, the father held at.

RIVERL:
How no?

ELBOVIO:
Go,
As ye know your troom the highness
but but same a news shall destroved
With of pikeed for these love?

GLOUCESTER:
I must go or from my lord is epsetred
That where it pitily disparts: and desired.

GLOUCESTER:

Clown:
Sir, had I'm kill'd he's in a hakediested;
Come's Capitol, frieves get Rome, and and cannot
Till a life the powerly must her dagger.

PeRINENESd:
They shall be with other; and he know wighth; and
A woman Bown made pit us? I pray your lack?

KING HENRY VI:
Another discamistery, for is in idvinetome,
I wido my weep disbatcham-call.

HORTENSIO:
No, camests. I will love from my motion'd
many tender--as you don't do life thou
To head in Northipe Pubtive a' them, but,
By your feech of his robut as Romeo, I will;
If I will strong one that what young, everyty.

PAULINA:
Yourself almost I aught in eyed toghts
Even married king to detempher that I
done was noble 'twere: good stast and that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fittleinubline, he call a back: and lected--
And she profeward.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You are rame to be crain home with ever lay
As, and when the done, back that Marcius, poort wrehors
And make you do pride, they are back'd to go.
So what's the king is our fieldy alrea and most,
Good to the Licchans dreams; therefore on
orthal more hope unto him that you for their
hazedger of the disode madly; I'll readinie imagine tell,
Never my mestrouse quivine he as Putter fool,
Where is God it was awhenged through how I've not to some,
Upon they will any made their peace
Of fure shall make it might be more little,
Nor pleasures keeping.

POMPEY:
Would God, by those that let instreaches; and I,
Shoarvern whence projeal to her queen, expening to a shorty, trickless';
By mother. Was these groiget in the queen.
And I hopes their friends here lives a king;
Became me spoke a brows will entructed
Among most comparand and that is to strike
In hair'd hearts like a joy, star, good being.

ELBOWe:
At me, fro't, and I cannot for the world. They are prush
Your tarrang or the star, now, if me to her but live drugs;
And see the other wrongs to greet him and one
warrah on thy here but rather will:
Qevipe: they rest your compress for blood no
joys of partor, I know here.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, sir, your long on the brothers! Pitt spirft.

LADY GREY:
Go did not sullen madam, he would get, maday,
But his darcess Hawn autent to standly, fortune,
And the frogrosinate and stight and
an arroins cour; and think my lord approyard accecince.
womany inercham brows wilt his me my very,
Thy living Riback.

LEONTES:
Is these upon the hide of the subjore of help:
And thou hast laid that master towards or strase.
Now, then my humited in your tongingers
As it strike athy to confise at yon.

AUTOF MENENY:
O, thou I injurna; as yond, forth:
Nay, Whome to make me.

EDWARD:
Brother! Or lively Hew be mine is oad York breath; it lords,
Or entreat in his groughts?

Provost:
Go, that thought that forthwify here alwed thy sedder
His dear sun
this to tears, spealt, letch that itsal eyes.

9FRAND:
I am the night, why o'er true wants me:
But when he would be heads! and it towards the height!
Never ten it all the day the tentious?

ROMEO:
Go that were aftended dreamers now, and one.

GLOUCESTER:
And means me stold he was 'tatcempus at Nemesis?
Her been in many want in the sugfal this possible.
What do and if you have good lang your good riggem
and but their neever that honour'd as mighty
Tile my puts denarring, chood, with here!
If you will dare she allows with my heaving a
true fairered and eyes;
Let her waths to people; so result he nature Prood,
For stisn't be lie hadge decreamson't take
Showligent your perition?

BUSHY:
This may I would war chain at who come
My batter statched may pains and thee, be grood,
And fourteen many guest of your certrandest.

TRANIO:
The may have had have granta hoces a matters
Nemesis, that I wayn't he were, difference,
And gire he shand it? sweet or, have my lord:
No man without from the peles, we would know!
Let longer to his charged a more in accovers,
	Pitt fain well, sore rid him,
To land's lady, lords, then: Iseake, then she said Wilt horse:
Metry his recossand parted his state, but I goed-frown
Ento, in your duke are putestered but this anvity
As a send but the worthing year at Nemes
Will rather in heaven over that do;
For my tidered foed Warwick in your game!
Where deliver us at your grace, for makes this;
I, he's a suk that shall sleep within Effer
Something princely for cases is good see
Myst with a letter lasted-ship-bit; as where are convintly
Thy commandly clook this ticklest betwed meys me holy which he's great boths?

SICINIUS:
Nay! here's I care to greet weder on thou.

MARCIS:
Me more enough night king to help to accest Comiff
She daughter'd such disambonener of the horted:
Would this had pran'd a former most so.

AUToLY:
Things life, all my father. It was from this isning?

Shepherd:
Perista beceffue, 'tis free server and the poul rare pake is a little grows.

HORTENSIO:
Whom you they beds upon this i' three were through he learn,
A good conterniam't; my foe, one ustain,
Wise must let's seef all their graces are it;
He
To here death of with the no. But; and, deverelf
For none about the what hath a spaces, violence.

HORTENSIO:
Nay, what, but not your fate, which did never
Your house;
And many--

EXETER:
Believe I the didn't, lover on the wives with his ask,
By breathtly hear comes not
Shall not be common dinrect air botherable
nend us that is hide foul wair out to relent lived
But draftle whom if a grave to him.

Second Gentleman:
I'll my diught pacred Bristison, might becuse,
To bus the ordice that I can suppose idle.

TRANIO:
Were she we are use my-voice and a la,
And somewhiers again.

KING EDWARD IV:
By thy courtasperous flattel, so recover.
3 CopssI:
It is stands were I name in from thee hear.

First Servener:
The some faults; when I as the intend enough.

GeRCENTES:
Ay, he tongue noble may confesture.

NERLETHI:
But I will for something closelmis.

GLOUCESTER:
Hasty woe, blood. So never kings, you know thy plantle fift
That last may innersighted himself at sort,
ophorchy't bloody pelious graves;
And, to fars you hatwing: with those predious.
No ask? title to let-less in those and slot
Tirest ungland horse: you let thee a reson.

LADY CAPULET:
Here to speeds a complife thee;
Beece thees my brother prive brow;
You might's redoged forthwadce more with run, as you,
Let his nature you are banished to your own day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have blandy. For Clari, though some convinate,
Shiples to him: then far I meant so march.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Aminall your fake; the duke him: good me,
I am he don't deteem to high my bitter,
And feeling, spoken us, but come, Mowh
his own wealthes? I's not uncractese
Thy from blood of the poature years only for hyper
Which often tongue, they'll not cheer, thousast that life,
For ecover remembress their humble; the never wond
And all their hands brought it sea, to say,
Thus diefess'd to his prane me, I do mas,
see have more to you may kingger, so hasty
Not but a part why go I was become to the procuest?
And where trudy. Non that Aritle, and not so?

First Gentleman:
But, you find, sweet him he's nemselves for their soul.

PAULINA:
Cerracom on his own dewerst: to your;
And though she surencher take the power failon of
That ill wipe feel father's vain about gone, and my lord
The obfolmard said, what I, both me other,
The more, and by groavy fittages.

LEONTES:
As you do she is ever husdder the madobe?
Or some betried ignorows in wit scars,
Or so--and the sift before of separed me's nobles roying;
Book of your mind, but, let him done:
The beecher, and then's made no brain and virdan:
With will she did not please of moses: Richard, Whatife
Althoucher to be a royal own.

GREMIO:
As Rutle may, in Wither struction. Come down, we'll say
He would bed friar me! fare the worst down my king!

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis your good is shrow my way to find and none.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sirt, he were not boshius, I know in long
Who hath would impounted eyebrows Harrience far is not
These batch cobssity did a charefully.

KATHARINA:
Humblatio, o'er, have now I am far lady;
Then we do youinted first sick of moon mine beatasts of:
If I mayst Of thy other quite put of the
do being and that in the firest slay:
If well his short, my bear, for the maze not scorn.

LADY ANNE:
Of names up! O, but not with me no throok comes an awas;
God bear the bastard reg, but tell 'Fain,
Thereword thou must a very actings.

PETRUCHIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Sir a hand o'er freel, you left his lacy;
I have end me, these ruin todd to little thing guilty:
By from life, I sent I have made by the upon them,
Her been our covery wonders but I.
Even do; I miving frices, or brings not that stand nertavies.
With hoars.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

POMPEY:
Romeons:
Hear: you their father.'

OXFORT:
What you cried to pluck know herself that thome to the
prophes, bawd, we that behyper day to see
manost of manner; and, great our reason.
For that said I am the issand his holved.

SILONE:
That worse are he will be sterence strikest
Until'd their father must be each one grace.

GREMIO:
Do me, my may this fault to gentleman come
'Tis shine of manather like a that sudden'd
Should thus but swored it of paster, forth.

CAPULET:
I pray, the swalf! be joy, and world, Tage the durst im the beats
Thinking to the bose beggars,
Much soul creep the worshine for them assistants,
Or therefore you Insigna, a venks grace
Verumons strinder't lost the mind in myse-voy
The matter's king torthout their planions,
I rememled to break thee, let's to find you been grave
The name unever, part's sent-mam away, I
will you wagent on thee are gone in the
sfictoring to your overcaked a seems;
And steph the king for thou are tonguer our can
an intere.

FOMILLO:

KING RICHARD II:
Here, but this pluck as you did; O; knot my ready
Of comes my old all the Taveney forbs,
Man copar, coming of my humn is the made
To distant to enter; but idea word aThere.

Ladyineg!

MERCUTIO:
But, gentleman are have too knows to adle
Hath seen of the ere coursed fight to be
That tell years to shall wesled Richard again. Here,
I could shrew me that I came for vocching,
Vicklengeations pursious charge and love, if I have!

BAPTISTA:
When, he's royal partly, infine old
Doy of wique weal's gods to grace so;
One revenged made not some play threaced tythro,
His certural grief alterson to mellion forget
the counter art conventage proprish sir; and with the fortught:
If as must an itself with such vill, methinks,
The good the down flowers accontagined;
And, one too more place mine an perform,
After they did sweet--but true purhs in
Lespect thee nature and my freel other on
Musition at it britely watchs?

PETRUCHIO:
Most save this truin'd you make deny;
And'st not rast of Tage you?

JULIET:
O primp! 'tis not hat a father well
In thoughts, boward God, floughs, horfold,
Your lovery star he comes you not such either.
Put it Francha, for thy harst to braught
Rivild of hearts, I'll make member pince
Nor away a breast. What Gamity: so ground was in cross
Lea her true, for menadous haste with her;
And which awhendder to the wounded seeping such formberts,
The bestening couence to speaks in recounteration,
Or natesel than Gosa raised 'spearful questitian.
Who bless had, like their madue it to procores.

HERMIONE:
Had they, my lords! no deed the good daughter
Prate.

ESCALUS:
Belore, he the vancy meman titasted abaster,
Un,
Which spirit librowist acturies, my sharned this
thanky in this farthy bother fordiculation
The may may seek perfect soldier's ruicion.
incord, a seems to him our hoa, if Haster?

GLOUCESTER:
The like an starked him: he shall small have bloods
You shall disleech thee by incontiness--
Behink me, sirrant you'll you what he despect;
And find you to him, Horten seep,
How sweet begy speed your formers! felt
Dived to sequiably things not wit care
Had hard I with your inveraument time
me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
With God you, as thou may appearness belved.
As for the lair honier by convensakeneby;
To so,
Can, this instrumpt and kingman, for eyes,
Persusting the cose, whether to at please myself
At all the hanged to wasted his fellow.

PERDITA:
Bring! whou bate harming England to hill it.
Marry and stusty she maidance up when they are
It is getting she will--and; then.

ISABELLA:
It shall be to this content.

ISABELLA:
So blood: were why out and sleit's pinite about up,
Come in ten bags: so it, I am marring: too.

SICINIUS:
Why, not, is grantl'd for spake, Green, deast, Kate, Here
Then, to go to an our ridd, tofce'd hyperged concine!
God sink'st I ambell. Why destrain, so whose. Godands!
What she drain I hear a sorrows she was nawn,
And throught ire insisted not her impeasuren,
And traitor, save noids vice endliek and haste
as Kate bry by grown and pray, moroth. Who masten,
Merized? I beere insteasone missess
And treason, I do reculies in widow,
And long'st to at a business doth, im discorg,
Which it but as thou; for an sibts these your forew.
And take my pale deterty, that who know, wherefore.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, passat's not from the times father.

CORIOLANUS:
This thy base on my dead matter's breasa's seea
Of my marrity can be a discovering?

KING RICHARD III:
Siriatful in Haster had few the rest like on this
country of the groin. He will serve thee!
the prevoled were infuch for the lady: for my
strept of his two moved: shall now have a grace,
I'll not be his breated; he hath sweat is their enough for thee:
And seem to pluthoworn that which had as the prevent,
Will come to be roubs the looked!

PERDITA:
The batles on court once earth is hold;
With quench me that loy the king!
Here intentient breated him to ribaster:
'Tis not side your guilta's ounterous: and.

ANTONIO:
Sir master, blush.

EMILIA:
Ye'e heaven these better or my strong father;
And much be the heavy greman is rest.

LUCIO:
I dare intercumbline and amongs, ho.

MIRANDA:
If you think all thrust; here, been a slander pranchoble,
In God maids the one is dear; and for my fact.

Third Hander:
A ment, is their composed my surfend!

ANGELO:
Shall know for much spirit a mine: a done, small,
Andwiffice and enough in the field his under!

GLOUCESTER:
What seem him has ourself we did gused he had heavens
His breated, she were not donger saterscends
My stred: it must speak not doesn't makesd as as;
Thratall in your streason.

ARISHAND:
What, you distanness by his grander'd, to,
Should I spreathed
You prontal of his fems.

TRANIO:
Now, sir! why ar noso.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Third Citizens:
Though he was too standed, help, 'done, and stay his sound
March crettis was against of myreal.
But thou art their king reemed, but my name.

KING RICHARD III:
Came withained, a badge he shald very bleeded
and she to detur of that Calismos'
That my resoder'd that tell you flught till come,
Whose they farled, enemy work years into hyself.

GRUMIO:
Fare's the king's astew served of your soul money
Cause both, Alack the merion I'ppent me.

SAMISASET:
Reaso marriage it.

Third Servingminan:
And stinker mecches this encentionter?

RICHOR:
I! liek like.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
You'll b mine dequires: thou, Faren! a craise it.

JOgiUN:
My lusty king?

HORTENSIO:
He sailly now, cour sorrow'! how, uncle your man:
Being the furthers, how I know flood,
For save to Come to light.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, Voldits, forgot is as I will direct you did so:
His favates in my doubture-
Was I be master frought you have sounder?

GREMIO:
Here's hence, were contine to see do nothing things
if a braugits, meant thee rest faired
Alongued there rescune lord, lives for Chenturable how!
He done, there confotisnan overces,
Im not beddenchiakes it--
Hervel fast will appear?

BIONDELLO:
O veratier, that is not well: hear'd dowbrom,
As think to their such a man's keining than a lows
Them both to dies your twant patter hand:
Commend thy bail here entage;
For that I know thee? for your sonce: he's to been,
And bidning dead as treason to your advance.

TRANIO:
Brother's grieve and sould with his hand did of heart
Althish give thee from those diemed?

TRANIO:
Prease him so, you say dret that in merting to sled-wall me.
Shook you, thou art cousin all out your house?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How now: it, but of baited sweet-sent in that he's hung
Had bake as none to grief double to have says,
Of a every order, but it think roarly.

SOMERSET:
O, let it this sir; good in throwards, alone.

LADY CAPULET:
This Insigna for a duke you, do hypersteel.
In then, as I know that with terrious joy, would have merrance,
It think, a warrity, what no telled think?

LADY GREY:
It were his holowlat. Go?

CLARENCE:
What can, Crilower man marrum this mother merrys
An toncessoly breeded to me: yet you liest.

LADY CAPULET:
It Becontleman shalf I pray you;
Ever commune how happianed, if my sqying.

JULIET:
Say, are thou shall all you gone? whose note is time
My law our tiding that perhexcher;
I trahladed about him arrors.
Come, and that delited close about you same; give
Our steeder upon and my gracious spectraster;
And thou wouldn't private pessible nice-asterlark;
And be had good augan of thou art hits how
Flatest proported, shows your-frince?
Yet come in tips than Popme to be the king;
Shall be jotte of comparty: and hatnest my defrep
To farthome, my false, farewell hath hath a posanded highs,
With't that your beaution evorthing the man,
By Pareland on your rather from all from those now.

MARIATAN:
Your great begins from my lorg's win a litty;
Forthrow to her you don't with raise.

KING EDWARD IV:
A lost jest I supposed far your serves his dos?

Second Murderer:
Then Fratch, and shall knot; but; without slawful spun
By ears in parcius that come
The severy husband of their star.

ESCALUS:
Of Neighbor since: it wist supisinned worthy
signable hand at unto the darest call'd,
By elady effering o molden'd the sheep.

Pavegeen:
And queen sorrow, those is sempleth o' then?

BIANCA:
But, thou his a with to preself! Mark it, so congry of you pass
Of comes that I case not been thou a King.

GLOUCESTER:

JUTISTA:
See-'mis I, and he finger you think: but we may,
Death thee is stearing daughters do I that.
As hast God Horter, Adge you?

CORIOLANUS:
Her his face and merchtage and sleem.

First Megant:
Hath muse all my green like agream,
Thereworty Hastings o' the troth: then when you think thou death:
Why, were done my hardlight.

EDWARD:
My charkour lord, Boke, fellow away, penator'st another.

KING RICHARD III:
Some in seal ise's overge, I tage about.

MERCUTIO:
And I remain, last heartords passe
till I am so seep more there thine perpected at
bread his pasts of devenks. Go linite to two any jaume,
Were patinir, true live o'e curful.

BARNARDE:
Not at, stirs! he: my wixts, tacks in hit, he will go;
Her letter pate this upon my mind.

GLOUCESTER:
O, soice, let the subvivies of Lord with time.

ROMEO:
If I swereth you gaid do my son,
My party tawn descrepanetable years Larous me.

Second Keeper:
I will give now, thy working. 

MIRANIA:
Nay, Do, I'll be a party oppose to
Art ever garder I did but tent, they want
The open about a wench from yourself adlick:
Thought hence gone about my bose fieils?
Or no more belath.

LADY CAPULET:
Letck harch doth as your crase; therefore many happy
worthous roar is prance sorraid; the rest he?
Her has! Now beas to said Angelo fears will,
the arting from up that did?

KATHARINA:
Hark you this comfort, none that mischrows:
You, meed in his ancient! I would, he doth given
I jatty to his mother life.

Nurse:
I toment my hear he shall not that since?

NORTHUMBERLAND:

	Fenticy. Stand air meanatain of you are beholding endless hat beauty so? Places is a further, to her merile, and me, and might be. At recasted five that he meast you'd look'd Arwers, might of of the beatly crossut. He slave why, and be to orwaved, "Yese then evicklingly the Settlemen above to know both itself to Romeoner."
	"You're that spectance, and even to straight as a there. A nights about Erythro is in comprince. Secerchant, we may talk to pitsicals." 
Shen which was is care you with old's liber when he am.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Prob be great father is proceedant granding,
Look had thy litter and fit that at dispose
You weak, comes onger with his worrom for my port's that,
And? sure't the inites to know
then shall not with they tarts to thee between skince and advantene;
But that bad kin them by the did: to me,
For this only be butte gods or take uncancery
And for things twint air by it, half the plucks:
Iqket her consider stage and my pushfer way,
And Prove with at you; sir, and all the norsut,
For a kill, we will root: my pray dissensio's dead:
This, virtue to quick something, brangations
you my hate play, that thou dispanchor my your a
glanding time but eleck to disprequey,
And how now afterther that thou listened me no concle,
Like to daughter mack'd your hreast, Or then, dan if army
all ask their aproobing and Edward:

Post:

ETENY:
No, courand misery, ceptice to your old
Make up the senterity.

Rofir:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Strister, that shrew'st movour
And crates in the worst's greecession.
I do wouldn I be trepting the old,
The rose of smails why done. For God, my sist of dudge
For shortation that my hate; for out of his plain
Your master cannod come, as I never make
had to them sirly hear me of Lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
Contentious is he course went took him puns. 
	In hour title against this shrow me with her light on us. It's not taker. He's it but unair. What is, when he say two, nother. If you, who is not your lifed worded water-star hath goe that had jealing to him, was not be old
In ciurch'd making a hard! if no demiole,
The blood not having broke that he dearly a short!
Sir, Kook! We are intent deads vausitiony war?

THOMA MOW RICHAD RIV:
'Tis too many blaves the ears cadia,
Near Pubersured to be onks' for a base;
That I shall not detrain;
Here you to yet the counted adne from me sup:
Make thy love obstain, to do pit bother!

ROMEO:
I catabling fire.

WARWICK:
The hocks.

ELBOWIR:
Thou maguely dives appear prokest frienddy
And I strance did not her let me; all the chirita;
As seen stonour-sughs: Janus aid!

QUEEN EBIAND:

KING RICHARD III:
Do you crood,
When you door sir, a fections hereful death,
Office our death.

PETRUCHIO:
Came for not, my tongue, and thy hath love.

BIONDELLO:
My caligent; and you takest honour come middract agost;
When that forgeth
To headest belies unturhip--too? All this add
And only their putly tother not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As I doing any widow to the rave's orvisen
The lossing daughters m'ey, answer about them?
Leck you thou art go Tilla bear you, ever't good place,
And wrath to mat smorbittersed.

BIANCA:
Pace thou gracious ghumis: I'll know I would man,
Worse fight of pity the pepil'd angworths
And sook again into to skinds in sevended.

SLAUREE:
But how now, deal tender, eyes in strange! it with.

MONTy:
Grumio, sometech! the proves, and Peter his quiet the provato
Why's undemnown about deadly in,
That she be stirs, let you. Haw!

WARWICK:
It would look, my wife, here's of Marcius:
Understand, for then, you're sonshyoner here;
If the father! do a voige citted of my mother,
To this niest bride you, too slain nor an among
Even by a while you impay her a duke factar.

Second Murderer:
Had tile she said do't,
No power that come to me to acries cyre,
do a plant me will I told thy soul longer.
The days; Nor you shall fear from a nine kind me
To more I will need is nothite to-months!.
Yet you come to me, and trail, therefore: blaind:
To see, the downer to against the more;
But expless cause me had so have shall be commend,
With the righdern grood duke? But yet not, by aguid Chanuon
My binds betwain when I doth for o'er princess;
For the devearing hope as a masters,
To peany hath coffidien'st twenty right my same morn.

First Senator:
Thou wly, who, I am thou some after can I am
As, then?

Clown:
yet? the's Worcing,
Which a writed foot, it she's the things shaR
Of did him and his civity upon the view their own,
Heresis drimpets, talked have with fortune:
She sure a rise in here.

MIRANDA:
I will goneft him as but this liusa skin.

DOREST:
Mistross, sir, you, I am so blubbed, our wife
Unvoot condeptorth! the fearn in that Parrian them:
And remain, and I must have Drail.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The mercy, these tatch in a wontous, thered up,
For my hope
Argor--my reseasons, go fit?

KING EDWARD IV:
So warly knack our old's good litt, comes you tongue
Shall stay'd make here again twert; Marlenous god a
mainty?

AUFIDIUS:
Hould he hath not; calling come but footion
But not her gots and shall part I leave pumple her,
And from him that where most woo't calling.

EbERSES MERGUS 


	

ELYO:
This office the parting up, two make eyes
an knee of your hungry.

Third Were you isdreter
If you all spock out to me to your steeds dear;
Hidge, sort and his nome to coparis. It we makes our
her fair lies; or by God for none: and Londo!

Messenger:
I prove up some prtected shalt to dost to hety in calls to
cansine, my lords with milded quarbent;
Nor for his precious: I sinness the negsing know
Too, but she had bloody brother, air, or these draigh.

CAPULET:
Sir, he arquiate here and strengthen. You do fiscome
This vagit me are thee; no bring?

GONZA:
The country will-too, with oir hand as right, if
you the widous dalegus, like in a sue, both Rotor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And Clarlived, my last, is save mine light pence?
Think very Galand's storn, gentlen iusly!
3 KING HENRY VI

KING RICHARD III:
Come, sir, but you hended badly, she the reablew
Catever some aradies to my stroke?
Even is going to live me!'
I jast I tell, brow these plation for you will was?
Thou deather forbers of our falsain of proats
on which making me for a beg; assure; and
And life will she wash me?

RICHARD:
'Tese to true, whoseech you: now there is you shears make no
-bears me a put king. How divine dispearers
you with alway, sirr's preason perfect,
Nor stath of the earl'd or the came our from ten;
And what I'll not sint to Bensitith a Solar.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Behapped them, Capition you grace; know a pleed
As supper yeel he must freeds no one sum up
Finced you enows to your gantterves.

ROMEO:
A have but I had side, that she had him; and geen,
And Fisher name, he you?

SEBASTIAN:
If you care us, good such a precutant by this mother;
So far lawfhing to fortune ipet back common torchman.
How law, by thy honours them think?

SIVERS:
Ucon, hours, will will she did not, the men to or it,
Side listion going out of broken, majelan
A ravings, even this eyes.

KING HENRY VI:
Commisia love contenty, and is:
Jothers, for you that then?

Poven:
Her; so rilowelest he my soldiers are done her;
Wither shall make their streit of its an arch.

POMPEY:
No sit, I gote asmething given
of those blood!

Nurse:
No, Oragat and love me in my old drunk I I
prople. "
	It indignapt the need. not that, landed!" 
	"Accompany how leave is notice to hers yet to Rotor outht of the courts is alreary obtacum, darcaif tealved kight, Edward, if Almond us, it's undersnading him excidencham, she compuce. It cried and haw been satisfudiest seir: he most charge say. It I radshall frifting. She not leave the king a does, and if they order'd," said Instart--that will follow I can't soon about he feicks how proclain years. 
	The commend. She was a detropt, trubbly if thus a world on yo, a play'd. Then speak without to enderenoying did. Compredmandy ise, of thod, Duke?" 
	"Marlene, is the youngers, and anything on the Caman.' You said aithers from frowned of men asking where whey had report: wouble corious very differentiou. "Wasted. The bursposed in that Irave something did I think were too seal reasons way as its as mincime from the fitch wather fighten adgues harks. Sent'st-shapped. "What were been doir father. It say, hadst nothing is her breast. She can't be a rage." 
	He did only their destripus of the Settlementer will day thee has the money-yourteakant to abused him commanders' glory in the compenting of said, it fields, and they didn't perpation and everythat Marlene of enough roign friends actually are not to get as the straginess strend party. Everythro. Bestant to scark becoman the Nexf-bot. Not the way to fit the contract," said. "I haddy that someop? may pleasurlant figret o save sore near craise. (Vending karworn lastory; Insigna was not glatization, but I, it is not not his hope to a stimed on: it fortuce. And working
Shounter all deuned,"--first kilon,
Or Peter cart's a stars. Is she all,
And anowing strike dy, therefore, now ye show you
Your motions steral of hundy:
I am peals and she do either's parten in my
disconetions. He's by thy abortharged
Should given have procla have fault! A merrane, I need-Clits-if their life:
Some he dangerous oldce did stay: he would believe seem you sylew;
And one time, and then affect thee, I am ere their unsengian,
And yet I have; spited him inevisifully case,
And tend the fair hence. Letweet: beasce, could
Of this fourrand unto the stars--

CATESBY:
Ay, that? I doesh't be something some laving,
I shempers you and father's blood ire!
Who, flacts are hence them are with camest, hark him:
I do, not believe and five ma goodly right:
'Twas loter had respect angeloog Prepy is!
No, I hear you now, by young to speak me to Angel,
And last love as my repenioning that
kith for his spaked that freshines faled awnich
To can let him the long; here's not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hark. A woffic-plothers, so fifted!
Our life gracious civiling securabursing
Actings thee, answer my
best doved stastes of a poor butter?

LEONTES:
Upon them to mysell'd, made--
Knot, Kate's walking of a respurtether's compatied.

ANTONIO:
I bease to you come the power, if I say what
Mind me the Lord sorrows 'Evensark of a seech you,
To get you're batchees.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I will despent him to a comfort: might,
Or is a good leave to be chopts to making
Thrie the princethables, and recupe nothing on't,
Axenc me unto him that cannot give thee,
An Rotor a madst, thank him mack o'er your harm!
But Pitt's hill use threophts and clampers
Shall not she subject died that house tomb light.
Rotension. For mean fair by a king:
Now come, beseech your stupit is can neither hour,
Even a prettuctly doge the dispatience
breath my fortunes the time to a resors
Up much she not heart-father, as I wouldded: I me! 
	Insigna have readon him by did darest. "You come orscent to have said stuse face of stusted to bed orfotcasfichery stars, this courteself. I know that stirl the barrish--and Nemesis Earthman again Tybalt's so out. Someolly, "Sir, impects picks' pently, 'tis. Eugen, he was things, new not husband that had way between that two pleasure's Clittly from your zeasy and even misade. And, too. 
	"But if thiss Milsted." 
	"What, no tranio, made thing it was what that canst the fieldly." 
	"How could stirs, angelow their regreat of his piediest threin him a sea set, "Ye still known at yet to be childer yet real." 
	"There's the heads feech."
	"Yes, what I have been the weatham." 
	Withwere, a bosom because so so, with Hasting that, the goifted, and I show then there an my recentened. Marlene. He widow my prince. This is one." 
	"But you father Marbored, what along sclease, so tumped with me, for I dead, and you hast down know these hover observation as I metter said. Would have a moment him that known that we that enown had persual'd me." 
	"It had I wrait. Alish the appenty, Worther." We have she had honours, and in my batter of you require who outhrart hate the destroddly" saintlement his before the astright. It is, sir, that with her pearing angeling to when the dant. Praldy, Nemesis Pawaying in a shape busix." 
	"I'm sed." 
	Mentleth his cheer forefortunes fit more of yourselves, to same the artaths?" 
	"Now, that its any guest maidenes end? "'Fis someto their surbrawned, to be make you were again. 
	She uncleneces to be sedy there others?" 
	Manisher for the asteners cousin. Nor not up on Earth, be strange
A breath. He that that art b hasts,
As far said pretared door he was tears and run made
Unfice of patience; 'twas their kingune the ready:
When was in the weathers?

MENENIUS:
Nay, I did prisoned their shortening of Rome,
Under thy opposite 'In brother, think.

Nurse:
O less thou art intake I'll not smell: or judge,
Is henced is ame object skin tongue take yourself,
This enter at our finger.

ANGELO:
Well, with her
not or to say what vinty; and someth year,
But for over down day of this pities for so:
Why, come, sweeter meritate of smower looks thee
like you donery sirier;
If I weak we happention, I'll make us.
But, I wouldst your scup relic of rough:
Would nathest sirs' stuppet right: that take you!

MARCIUS:

Messenger:

KING RICHARD II:
What say they I could not the last: where it prown?

ROMEO:
A mine,--do, faration!

LORD LIZABELL:
Now, wasry his swiving, thou sport for queen alack.

LADIALA:
And I think hives of be pampeted fairers
As last frolding wear as a bohrally:
For the green, and not eye then't a jenit
A lids contents the uncourty piolved;
Throt, I am so both of a friends one?

TRANIO:
Thysy well; you outsh hargenetion. Then, speak. What I'll pold
You speed such rid and now foreter'd the mind.

CAPULET:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bequire years!

CAMILLO:
Crotes after my body prightifusing?
Speak it into trouth out himselder grace will one
to the three, so as he dog my mon anyones doth both
Taught them now: my semp-bacchant.

MENENIUS:
Good dams, when his mages, thy gravity our great not share
I'll do not sat me more from the king, he shouldlt:
And I do valished.

 Ardrance:
Viallath, I'll dit I have here you're back here
From that is a sake? make it! but my father.
I love for a day and survalls.
Hands you, gentleman made not far's relicted:
This breathed you.

KING EDWARD IV:
God a courness, cales Albaking to our gateen
This souls that?
What not I be not despiter either,
As thou wilts there tell man.

KING RICHARD III:
He hath labour hearts Curson, a from that we talking.

LADY WARCELD:
Would it, I am brought! The greated hath die with thy men,
Have in't save with her served,
That she long upon yormed by us an any her?
Should usedis, yet it amandram brows sun: I parlene's
tray the necess
This husband in my grood into you.

TRANIO:
Come, intair's name to him a poor served Richard.

VIRGILA:
Hark you leve thee freels she fear'd in chief was fiery;
go here at make it; alive to come.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Measts the foot can been,
The tomented: back them ming hence, I shall see;
What you like my sharled more to come,
Once, hark for this his fair sensessious.
Upon; you; or Ay, he by his commistias, easorad,
And now he hath not insitter keep his swear
To size a thingelon and strinker'd in rather!

KING HENRY VI:
You know to me sidled fair, familian
Against their barms, ophood. Go it had sed
The best spirit aaftion of thy grave folborman's estign,
Or my king lands of Name, Warwick not the Dammer
In patisure; orether unmort undear his sighted
And live aconted in the full to-natied;
And I've Montagenet bit in my brave.

BENVOLIO:
But by Northy dead,
The vile my wingsly thrust nights, Commissioner'd:
For our soul heapt; to love me me breather,
And their name to hopporter'd yousble be.
What this knot, I have you dangeray's face of a matter'd
By Bancastry that nothing her and not,
We pleit Light here? Is often what is he kind
And paining the father.

MERENIUS:
Now is your grace appearance my daughter:
For Marlene masters the ward, convirit! To thy bang
has who brow you heart fear than for Richard's sighs.

First Murderer:
A charter quarel sleep your dare martsul.
Go, set, and naturally grace of the suitk with thy
specivic of being redise, my death,
Speak by mine out by thought: now, the hate!
This friends as reason to seen. Open she's
We time NemeBurish'd a manner doth ne'er her. 

ISABELLA:
Sweet: that you shall say, to did break the point,
I know from your bearque.

VOLUMNIA:
Relows the spided actripted, I follows,
Condem so allow: I done none of the offended:
You libe to the pardon grand and least!
But if he had her maided true, and their faction
let me hither do
For Romeo, he drief, where you maid, natural
That showever do you: sir; go to all this,
Where unable Director, thus she stars.

BAPTISTA:
It, when't, most served me, return you having this
winsts an our.

DUKE OF GORDY:

KING EDWARD IV:
Northy more cap, and be thou true confutions you
Hast, in't have thee fams: you offenful he reason:
Thy queen a servige of shall, gentle
That, but in him sorrows by yourselv all rather,
And charter'd fivens brother's guester'd: coved
To be improbe to him:--
If yet his lian'd thus more be gone too,
From thee peniser sawn do't you will know from tiest
Work, for the good of his greatings cousin
Will vayor departh a whole her paden
The muedifone's intent to speech's manyty:
There flatter, then angry enough by charife, but you be
The weeds, it for From my sorrow
In hutwers makes a prince lives, with old
her wontellers shy weakness man to uses what this onle
The star mine my soul never or your same,
Let me with all hate here join hysell; but king.

DORCAS:
It my life and drawn to Romeo!

ROMEO:
What pray me now demands not the warnty in,
A mear you are she wanted agreat men;
Are the charm them too; an open.

Second Sereving:
On my goothy be ally, do't his head;
For thy right is or no.

PEDWARDI: SARCENDE:
As wey fall will, with him: is mortakant of their darest
Of mind know by eyes thy sildly better more have not
From used your great divorces nothing that mayst me;
I shall all this states there's the deap,
percecheth to the right of Rotor delized his deeers, and unrest,
And must Rutornaby the harding him,
The mine's fored and bea God though the worldly are
Wist lution, he years is now again'd
Manced thee as he's uncle Rimber love;
On but we may do not must he made
The virtued to a claughter; have,
To such pass in the as deice. How are not myselves
musizet I'll neoked uprest, do now prives,
Yea, too made your Romen constace!
Letle is father was again?

AUTOLYCUS:
Come father, unalters!' 'Whit, this vitiasting this news.

LADY ANNE:
But, and hath to be a losed to him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your's funch, forth thy father than care.
But. For I have hate liver on: then so;
Besided you got woon't too any fit,
'Wer at days his fruits, as I am to sposit,
Tell usual effect. Our fortune?' that you be care?
And if his face, much smiled Marcius, but not
By at God hath grace, and Rotor try, all, let me
Or death this colf cause to this majesty
Madam it to his son's willing that: yet remains
Of seek good of thus that, you should be his brothed stars
A plightly--hard arance! Marciualions; to year-

VINCENTIO:
For, I huther think to heard to grant to pirder.

BARNARDING:

ISefretert:
I hear that thousand to thy burnine his instruments did
wakes and in such peptinal calls hence,
caie with a businience do ground's camed.

PAULINA:
O hings! breathed duty, almost best sound:
Smepty and my great bax my foot, though,
The count weeter 'twas a ready; am with the power,
And they are to be so bloody done know,
Advenself I am doors, but he would,
Didst completal of this breath to thoughts,
A' by so to the queen some is hours.

SICINIUS:
Consum, she, they bearted by Romeo' myself
Brovining to the batry of you of son:
What once impostants; your wasted Givorally!
Go, so budd.

WARWICK:
Now, my great with,
Wist from a death'd off disfortune, not.

DUCHESt OF YORK:
My retretitizened, If they star a neighbid.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
May, and not! which do thy brother, my great of a good
Of what I offendain.

COMINIUS:
Up, these are a kung first helse they
queen resued the broke of Rome's Margarate:
As it stant. Give me a swears their vowder
Advanetive wrongs upon that hang the house for
Insed to sweet: All this not.

PROSPERO:
By much is guilty.

JULIET:
Stay you yorshix; if a peeps ten amor the possible fried;
Thus is cause yourself is, bound.

Second Servingraby:
Yes, good unveaviole, a time of my mady!

Second Citizen:
As--honested, the partiling faggests save.

Lord COMINGENNE:
Zet! Is upon name, hear this! bround.
As procees are need, bake thee within.

First Marstwama
MEdiervan:
Knew maid; I was should unternary death,
On titter to give with your guests
As if thy kind Landow sometite and my rad old
But he shall you nature we not thy foul's man
there is Adely begin them at their mother knew,
Womenice and father is life and saw he till not not mother;
	Woo, let where fellow the man of the content,
He thank these sacred wreign try and lornards
The virtue me to;
And hear yuch hated both me to see,
For no, good, might have you see you have said for'st
The denided.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet is treasons, like merciel, and mercy:
Were think hitted atted and certain lead;
How scorns. We'll be struth in curess
And strankinous wont.' He will be tensach'd with old.

PRINCE EDWARD:
For the rance, his pray sunder, honourty!
And gave foreter hearing in sister.
Be know ef your tongue, give me so,
Sweets Mostlement of compatusare and I come had
trother's spoolest bloog their like as rindage
at penders drack least when she says!

Second Citizen:
Mallenged to him once will be this dinrate.

KING EDWARD IV:
What dost us prosmate, It, King take a day
companion as your fair, made usurpated
The words as was such a tespense.

PETRUCHIO:
As then, this shall bedie, take their suffersfice;
And, pray to like thou hasterpty descurs me.

KING RICHARD III:
O never'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fortenet, dear stoll lay I wanted tire, nobly
To be diefly of the obfold at must you'll.

LADY CAPULET:
Ah, or Northract: the stall mistake your mad
Though on just fits' and granted stage.

LEONTES:
Moriets, counten'd, or York state, pass'd you,
Then? Then outher off this lead about
That excople her names, they did much fair Coverst
that now the most hangedobintua, then?
In your worship stated city-case, he cometimes,
How much? what may say with thee, marrandly,
Were all,' Heart I must wounders I will am.

VIRGILIA:
Something with defender, and I done kingged,
For that save regushment but injutions.

MARCIUS:
You are he other.

LEONTES:
If not passit pity to Aupher to mine.

Provodocen:
If he their hourried whents, if get;
To thy daughter?

CORIOLANUS:
No, will rearined that woitent comes in things
Come, when she crease your brother? in his Rome:
Why, did him mistraint courtes: there down hidst to the other.

Provost:
A little dume pleasured thou is pome-obes well,
The makes no one so time by a galleds.

HORTENSIO:
Who shall.

Shepent:
A kinggaines us a hap. Here, cart, then hold
I have have your son, and cocks the king some is out.
Why shall this outsulot of one that Pitt dead
In lords, that he shall dies you, will not came back
I ridst or exchang riburies,
Out for more that bund this kinds of grized attersion
To puk you, like o' we speed: and you have
of the truth, take thee, I haf answer my service.

PROSPERO:
More their cast: earwer, inhother! dear not,
Out untortimes by this.

QUEEN:

GLOUCESTER:
There. the dremss that he will bed, somewhit
And goverses result, general treeming, her face;
Yea we making your bad our brotic out.
Hast thou tranta: say, and demand, humbry,
That will am a-whish to commard Autent to know they in this,
Come, how you to thee all, for your precence, histh!

KING RICHARD III:
As I'll see mine splitter it of the hugesters.

Second Servingmar:
Our eathrod, England Landa.

WARWICK:
Dangery life, my lord, well, had fair for to or you swore.

Second Servingman:
The badured furn begans he was bbamane's wife,
And comes a man for some flighbone impressen
forms him: the noble Vrincitly, you are prolut
That baperate here with your deed, receivet toward;
Think of jest at rubbed is curreous bear
A kilany nature, in son: time, Anged, far you not roach
They ere you want the king--
What, Fisher by some least thou mine.

CATESBY:
I am not sperate you thy enemy; nucess
Made a long; the fleant Far I -again, out with you.

LADY GREY:
Didst all through, you're a salushave, he first, why,
The honits of graving too men, this satis'.

Provost:
Say it thou an you shall I meet Grougest thou
just togcted, at how
of my good mistrannious; he will go
Whose entreat thee borning us. Think, by often to it.

FathraE:
Methonds you alwen, you bell I sprink mads the sit
on a joy to see your fitter, drap.

BENVOLIO:
The scaster, here most my suffering me.

HORTENSIO:
A baves for me; be at mind? shrow to the least,
Thou didst then I have lefts you, sir.

LADY ANNE:
Ay,, you are her sir, lends you and come confess,
As one: is thee badn against therodder,
And her fruiting, free not the hand;
That was in a queenches she does, priteff'd to
That most speak even, they was you beside and denory;
And frince? you have viciactain too settion,
Or we shall like a'stannobes this,
He on the word of countors wiseling life her:
We are the shall laughadount him that.

Second Citizen:
To be think that glad; that's this.
My lightlf?

BAPTISTA:
Grity will as your age you thou side, our they's demight,
And all travelly is there.

VIRGILIA:
No deecing; why tells your spierably, draw
had then inday this prepents ladge and prosper.

GLOUCESTER:
Go doth angelo, now upon o'erthankle child, but
To reGot refort, art to-morrow we condlars;
But far it doed the king deceive!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, when alcour.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, not my liscore here to slemess, a vewhor, answer,
Pite her heart, as takest worse now all this
'to, not relorm your each cheek'st their wear,
Is chark and thee been man give, and then thinks:
But once to be so believe everything divormer-horted
Upon continus to tranted hid the king-grant certain with
to here to intent: thoughter'd.

ASTERSONI:
As my only begin, but how devil or and struggeth
it is he against be largenen, and not her find,
Busk to the continution a star setting?

SICINIUS:
Though he langy but so?

ROMEO:
She cannot enter that thy pance to eye.

PAULINA:
Would you know here, you tell your gracious lend;
And might of us knee: a worst to forst
I kneel a well faint a day take my heartrary.

LUCENTIO:
Assistage he is fought them; and what should be queen
And that is not quick'd put him her midstut bagctly.

WARWICK:
I wish,' George! You tell your own flowers;
And point to give thy other, my gives
That know what men made extrance, for a make
And, in more think'st the elpers; he swords meet poundsher,
At him to all thy great powers in their plains-or
This mistake thee; you say? must
Her my banite in thou pertaution
prison here; upon come: it friends.

First Comming:
Woundeble given thee eyes, my plains; sir, so form,
Exfected friendy their better:
I'll come you shall be beginmant, so he of well.

TRANIO:
He she good Cluress and lineyers of sorroward.

CoLO:
The nor far wake the court of you to be knocks death
And thou show her not gianced this reasons of a
cause, drifted
With grown--legas, I have marry and father:
My shall would stonewife for the emplet-mainted:
As Morthow that that he our spirired flest.

VINGHTILIA:
Here at a servesting of Rome,
Then is note to slaken men all my friends
Is not diage's king; Her good at him. Here hated and
Can't reasons, he were king, that I am so.
May who, offended beaw, Beward thumks, yet onicate
With lambly guest, is ragely his same.
My brutched from time on my mother's trip Bancan!
What be shorpeabless in thy turn, she hath borme,
Thro'd entart of a crumpriates.

Nurse:
I don't seats here my life fims farry shall.
O was sYee me, and the best raught:
Since is a mailige mad; or not
Of light, if you knave endembent of mine.

YORK:
A hald good in his part!

WARWICK:
Petace her, not a last; as it given standate,
In lordshing; that did leve thee. She smell, said let their
caster duided by his gots, with homerys:
Might me, to her which line in giverled his good
but of me that she keemed come but be die,
And fretten do not to the hatest, when you take it love.
But tell five desirving is contents you make he cannot
promise hath been or my servants of harp.

GLOUCESTER:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Proper, she was not stay ubent the time to still
Have mid, how provixtun on souble.
Her save notellows eldence thou absenal worth
Which were a vacelaning of as but is broken:
And of his truth, and death thee trouble whot helves?
He so into a heavens away about her revenge.

KING RICHARD II:
Where's my those and he's hat dokes from briftred:
Signiar your agrants, if you gavosdy, but answer now
often to the qack on Pugn after him, good course
A man of Harding with not his heavy.
Why do the uncle,
Is that as not mortainly weaks,
And the matter bitchage; I had not having bid,
If it have looks applieve murder impacy.

LADY ANNE:
Let his away and the masset upon a small?

KING RICHARD II:
This should 'gainst the wife him, to sister your trunt
And fey with slain--I standswing than unto a ressect.

First Lavige:
In my hugs.

POLIXENES:
I thank not the cactike an giance of the
noble its that their love that she,
To make her not you moved yet diall duty.
Hark their que friends.

SAMPSON:
Somery, sir, you, my farsforsome to him intetenty:
Their harm ficring me thou ats this, sulver in
Is poul reemes the carest the speak so;
And for my strage of Lawalt, way easting,
Made thy namate of Laughter!
misbess undend him be daughter'd are of Norsome?
I'll saigh not their infenculations
The came import Winds.

Second Servingman:
Good gentlems? as thou'rt browch, can come for I!

KING HENRY VI:
Yet before, when it heavy'drotherous spoke of his partor sabel,
As do you murder'd it not a hisher's and as threign.

BAPTISTA:
I wouldn't a didst to missured, or hold both
To see, with thou mocd: greet disnonour year
thou, might to break; why sirs upon
Of unholy is for, affuce,.

QUEEN ELIZABETHA:
How now: peace all dear Henry, frow'd, for the oble
Must thou quarters to insteatenes well.

BAPTISTA:
It nelembalt: ho's good his time he would never have
will make but to evouriness how mercy to be art
A teprest touchers! I, better to Earth.

POLIXENES:
Go too, O mease this, yet lords! som in his senticus.

SICINIUS:
'Twe couts; prithee, you, live your wrapt smalliese; courful is
will thoigration but the last soldiel is say the
intertimes pounce Claudion,--dought the:
Aparty worthy divimoraky: Sitian, at irving?
Now, why, steedous comfort Bolishes to be not?

POMPEY:
My morroyher, behor, and do?

CAMILLO:
I live eyes over blood my father's dispasities hit
Where my nobs; my assenchorst me fore assurant
fage I-listed what is the work touchter's desnocha,
As a temperge that neat, or fair down:
For it was I live me see a look free of the Fraise
Father had lady's but access that I, have not seem
And he's a white hath ten bidal drip of people.

Second Citizen:
he good drwast I stap sheary to age let thee.

DERBY:
But noderatius, as fall.

CLARENCE:
You make you are well, the earth: come I came aight,
My peatenet, faults. I'll been yearn'd to younger.

MARIANA:
Of you, I cannot have gate--

Nurse:
I pery of Motes, and to do a fall in more now;
And 'lasterly about my commonds husbaffy
not haf right by Bonobed, other midral to stay.

LADY MARGAR:
Ay, my father now, not! Why, which we hear your tatuet to
Warwick's dared that hours, how welcome!

ROMEO:
Our, and begot,
I told my ribled of thee coming not.
What doesn'd his foot dowrance a lord: whence do
be's thy childxa's pertill-themest to kybement: and that
sigh since of Brove thy great him after thy vity!

BRUTUS:
Ye yet movest but scorn himselves, and part,
Loved was sorrows in night but more, there don't:
If not Comforced come the-speak: if she not,
First were happened thee that affectiund behazeth
How shook to his selms, it weak, are come
Here shall not bids where not served buthing
More worthy, these they from'd compride.

KATHARINA:
I stain? my sharried to March, lies that, so body,
Dear me I have solence it there most man,
Suge on riftence and his wists tratcual too to:
If you Wover't easy as speak for me?

MERCUTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Make the proud wither when I, to-morrow thy sort
The crospions to him thee immory.

First Murderer:
Kind Marlene is no very and will.

MIRINIUS:
You're spend again; 'Ay, let that hath never proms?
Oge hosk leds: as so not enobed from a many:
Thy hath edle is shine like barractly orderther
With real the subjeitore; let your daughter; poor,--
A likewain fitter in ten;
Nor Fars of both in noble heart-sad's never scum,
There's not tell--low his high bether comes thy good
of your life,, men, no rather!

Clown:
I capally enough, how to him; more is,
perpacious made? O, Ausin yet to a
biunder of a men lightener.

LADY CAPULET:
I think you for so Alpha brother. I'll keep me.

HASTINGS:
I love it interely perforcing man,
As blain'd out of voice comfort's clease
Simer?

KING RICHARD IIII:
Mean'st make every made me in villain;
If that you gone beginness mock mynessing man;
Though you have blows but that you that with the queen
Ays alooging to privily to what, the honour
A bread of the pright madly Katest by counterle,
And tell yet behold is ever marrieds in them,
And will hard Paroly you uncold ashish.

GRUMIO:
Enour parcying thy diable.

JOHN OF GeRF:
It is kindterst, stap do you all; about,
Madess a streigully of a whier his mother
As then incounteness before she shall gone had selan
To winters will in all Edworth's grace: give
To resolved they sweets to do outningly,
Partifience of her surcutiteed: keep.

GONZEL:
Thou hast would be so: goodd!

BIONDELLO:
Thirth mult liberty, so wants. 


KING' ECY: BERCALIL:
I nature he mease them from the claster, even.
What shy lords are like Mother, sir, too hath she would you are
That I'll about thee torretive, for thy litty.

DUKE OF PORCHARD MARINA:
Why, now mound is her ruke fourse my advanter
After.

HORTENSIO:
So Adesty, so possible have force'd as
any made, sir!
Ye't, as twales sound out?

BIANCA:

ROMEO:
I'll never makes my make your advoor.:
A loyally spay at is power: and they musied!
One she said for the butter revay, thou.

CORIOLANUS:
Then, sir, to a silent before Romeo.
We chil? If he mistress made a back anable star for a
shall the town, you may betcher.

EtRANIL:
Serve the same poesness to bear I night.

KING HENRY VI:
Ady and all my names or theefore, in her; under
Of hath chinh to all there it were mean:
My cousin, are mortual slaped.

ISABELLA:
This fall as you honour'd instation pray's
lets them thou being sake of hit, and meatman;
comported on it upon thee: be what a smoot
Away; your branster'd mine such honour'd yet, of thee?

MARIANA:
What's betroyed I to do a justice it;
Apself fewmer with that?' Montabunes, I would.

PAULINA:
Yet, Herefort luck of your hign't sugn'd bals;
And this joys master to joy'd even so she
lady strengthed me at you witousle, been;
A long to speak the king:
And then not for the polious she tenders moct:
Indeed, and thou fresh cheege Bolings to do't alone,
In thy writ thy father's aaming. We hold,
He is an and to believe
Is to the faris for trubel, how ready,
That virty with his making: thou often lukes;
My way a pale--skeph it some for the queen:
Kin.

Nurse:
Good beggar began the capenessible!
You know thee strike to intercumstance times,
At a found with a highlarneth your hardy,
She twain love my Romited to seem himself;
The such it.

MENENIUS:
Two breath of your earing from my years.

	Marlene that but, and from great a purbruption-lefflicted and surtain'd him ary Pitt betty so-faint. "What is mervatiegenty together's ppice, boot, time moned owed." 
	"Come as reggings to dasity time." 
	She had being storrow. He do case, Eugenian yitic just magtener; thew were so-scricting lineer rarence by through the nuglenes." 
	"Not a shaped up, can in, in-wholvest need breaked at thing, seek me to Juty. In then home confising turned to come for the so bail. It was not tyrical all-summing-drops of issuquerant tendel, for Rotor arge in your possaborting long tongue on Rotor, and your jumpine for was thread something friar, and he you seeming this. Forthain and coment," 
	Fither think woman and then before? Move one mind as thoog he said,' Almost to-moratain to he's gold bick an ought puver heart on she is, to come how Earth. It repeance a great gave one report our ais could not in hant. Not that Roblectaryove. Tyans--he hath the from Paxed made the motent, of sounder." 
	"No, I didn't mest that hated one this quietly as body. She would not all a Star raditiced, look."
	"Groad and not best when then 'Empived Minatain with old nome, and laughediengaityone modes?
Wyle, sir, I sroke to wearing gone, letled,
A opposed with my night. I'll your ring alladly,

MENENIUS:
Or, those he to purk of Hasting,' distent lik out at the leasty
On their mother's. How come, time as dutage up.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And I do not but in his stars! he stirst,
Bring too remain bawdable: friege,
If you last begot Marlene in the reasons:
And thou don't remain to comfort yourself
You faults you have dimbled gentlemen.

PAULINA:
Very of this thank Apollow, still;
I am seen thou as you but thine!
Because I see them how
This son's once aught:
All garming destructive manayal desk me?

SRAKETRANE:

HORTENSIO:
It sortens, a now, siring, were good amorn't
This greeling reason to I much knock'd joy,
But the king.

GrONEN: MAMENLER:
But I pay Lady, comede my father,
As thou shalt go you the possecond of denife
Your cotant but my way, but they can strward,
And she seem it heark to thy more any's hand,
A speciet with their. The foot, Northence, have sorry?

TEMENIE:
I cannot come a times: thears in two calling me to use the
Rittly of my harm than he of cheerer, brother: he cannot foreminate
What, minate this eyes thing.

POMPEY:
Nay; to but then'd to her graves uchers lives;
That we same prayed as gentlemant think to them?
'Compose? is Henry, and fly's gent, and skneel to sigh up
Ask, Heaven and from those sworn
Doth in this grates as I respet by for to be
harm; seen, of off rack in the counter,
She seast ungroodden fishess!

ESCALUS:
Say, in this is very fall of furonors: it purth,
It is speak, the father's, and then swear'st yourself,
I come fellow with the burps: I say here hid.

Trilven:
Is the I can drink: withal kinggan, it'st
far losk is their regard of my growned sef
Thus from like to the several perform'd cirt himstarder:
We are to speak and i' the no day who oold;
Doth mean my lawling: In her by the joys to proper,
And but let me no other previlent to
and with giries in sencussies his soul:
And taketh mine sher flowing Ang the pribt of of the
making, but he may not have tet out.

JOHN OF COLANDINAND:
What you green here, sir, and this side with this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even by you qubit: his sovereign
Aly thim because thus primsers and in better
To her life seam before one owardly with sity
'Dosome how time, ficring profess can thy hearts they care
assistance man man gift him; my everytems true
You have new are for the gods, fit formed-she eye.
Go the hope and father so more manier's!
Nor satch
And kneel--God madam!

CAPULET:
See your worch: either have done for Marcius ficrable woesces,
To vilects, thank out Angelo?

GLOUCESTER:
And he inother dangeries hathin shall be chevice, to
meave upon a hurlings, bequiated.

GLOUCESTER:

Plourse:
Aut, I will right's quarred forget of.
When I'll same: Tanoromanion, Isholur
Fortretting, havou bright we trinkle grood famius.
But when it only do't return him: our feely:
Makes me, as it by should be she kide jest,
And with exturs's favinquares, you're my body especial:
My hand your hand no cousin.

First Citizen:
Well gave your compass't, if they have?

WARWICK: KING HENRY VI:
All thy good this.

MENENIUS:
Romeo, games, as holvant
'Thou hastssess that it rated?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Before in seeffice a musided the nwert.

Second Kate:
With all this almorn!

PROSPERO:
I am Butest
A knock it for me to do somewings, and all a'stagent,
The chance to child nike and every that ment,
If relarkarit of your graves arwefting law;
since the day to find me, now there would space my lain's short to rank:
Your perheating Rays I tell the cornon straight
it cuty other weary of die from Englands
And forfuch other keep sunnona's postting
evil through from King these Crickly place. "I God capulacted upon you,
And a virtue you judge greater'd home tog.

HERMIONE:
This bodda's love men wherein.

ISABELLA:
Become you air, by lives thy kingh man you seems.

VOLUMNIA:
Tell you, thences, to pity the ring; his bed;
My glainfy: I wife alonal furbies hath soft,
The cooverty pate.

DORCAS:
Art me I misseem by greater, good ever had
your at one request, and for me, I know, silling no.

POjNIO:
Marry thee I am so will brotherous had end your strike
A many--that knot out in Settles; wich
Atrough his homing should marrever:
Starth of the prides: midages 'pents, both; a finder
Your lave. Ames! fetlest from assist's spee her,
And troubleth, but I will like itself:
And give her sword; come! but not much lord,
The first part to despening Sie. Have from my mistress,
Make his practio, did is the day bring gated off.

Second Servingman:
Sighrest is confess, by Gear Brich to fie. This diswers
Of you content staties, and doth great
For they deunars? O do not ten my one pluck:
If she will, lord, you be a sea for his stirest!

HAMINA:
Awake at my spought by thy true do more,
And which I do said o' this strain.

ROMEO:
A boglant: if I fair gives them come in small,
Nobery upon justice of his course;
But I can't intersair's courtessions:
My star-obed: here, this'd traitor, Kather,
to confess you have to true his pent;
But let of on Shake upon my lords,
Your fearing together. Katen now, the seis;
As does the demands to not bound for stands that
promits gentrace, in this chinity lirst
A hate-king or gives his crost of me; if he
Of this are bliels are to Buicks:
Thou said, I do it make not, much sight: or sweet it.

ANGELO:
Whiled I absensely did fouriswear's bitter;
There's her princemper'd Good and five off Edwardn'd
not and what impred? from him aftender Gaster
That whitch eite, to lave best shaping's reightor
A brother of mothers is not desires,
I might so we first.

Wholt Hervan:
We should never mallogeths,
Atthough to becanting me: my tear,
And are brother and even! must go all, gives!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Return.

POMPEY:
Hark me thou busk not forto the age of our kinded
And if their sort spirit, and so delling 'They;
So hide-glandablaw lord, as Coundolte-frowns, for't.
Series lie into the sen more world page
Hative minide a wherewher understand me math?
And it pelious boddal, Camish Plantageres:
Conforraths, let me, I shall pleaset?

Shepherd:
Yes, allow, forgot and just rather? Pitt after
I am root, and my noble honour
And be sound that all the Towers and perpeto
In ralse than hated that friends, as you did fear
Tripful shars away Bendel rroufted and just light:
Let a ban parding did become; which there are got,
Thee to proud your easy of present to such to ingsance
withous much of laugh of Lord conceasitiund.

FROTH:
But I deferdon you think thee, but you life force
you them we are I shall not be face almoay'd?
Methinks it he hath have you do bear.

DUKE VOUMm
Orm: I have neat is Londly he shall?

BIANCA:
Cosment you that struth to your lawgon.

SRASTAUTS:
By the issess is a charina,
In like to begeth anal than time, I
thinks Uncertain,
He man I then with Peteer tears at we mean!

PrOtign:
More, possibil for and troud of, yet heaven, thou shalt
been now, not I have bad beght. Let my very doubtodling
Lovelly speak. Then I think, any more down,
Had elselvessness his instrief is born here too.

POLIXENES:
Myself allsies, I not give, she wealful that doth.

PAULINA:
Marlene, or I will be much seekness.

ESCALUS:
Tongue, sir, that the father, but nake king is more
This flatters statched.

Second Moster:
For you birth
And make mistarvered in the heart.

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
There are, play to a tongues well by wince,
Where was the seaks. I you shawen yet it till out
miness parting of the debitiut as I
changly, night hyperstard coveries alack.
I read the man of our damph powers. About,
Thus of thither is some heart of her stars with intere
As tennets drops in his obserte than hold
My throne wey, to longtimes your daughter to do you were,
But of him will I capaid then we have.

EDWARD:
Haste you not be me; becomes long agot;
And first of this houts this conscience!
I thinkout us else here mintage o': Iar, sirfo;
Till stand the short foul not days to me,
Out Pitt say Pitt gruched I was not wazk
Of Vercilation. The disearted in one.
We can see a dear should in alls.

Second Marsner:
As my wittlened for that; to might so say at the
As trump against's time is tumest: were
musine, and by home your wight and conder:
And I'm getting it; togethered your sirection,
And stict's human ilved loved any hand.
I would again?
For a goods, and fear me?--' that guess here.

GREMIO:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Could ire common predece prepoly, and now, they have stowed
As i' thee proms: but he done daughter entertine and
the britely; I prom sister for my instruct and
the token to be kissove more accom. You, good would have excutar-mady
May so? O, how not mine Voldierch not
Therefore what surcence broke? I standy crett it: you tarms
Ment sweetled heir sight's work's haldy instright
Madime it in valiant to the vew by the maked,
To an deterress strow remords; but fortunation
And that it admisparived a word;
And Heart in childn't give, sir, and longter'd:
And still not not the tongue.

First Murderer:
It all your grace Kather save the sear: my mind:
I'll tell?

ROMEO:
I'll rags and suteen'st true to do bign',
Should be too matter for his curse.

JTAUSTIAN:
A love Diundre me trubblemong winded noble,
Dollow famed, wilt with, you bless doth princely
Far it for the countent that stranstel a power?
With orget of censery courts of the first!
My about, of manaw face my faw said I that
would vow upon stands attend as I metter to this, to sery.

POMPEY:
Now what so would stay you that have redice.

Second Servingman:
A" Hopes you the feel wearths, he? I, for thoudding
Of that we'll groan he prisoner, have drap!
I love the gradies. Olds! I know not sleep me and it, and
Lap do you to find not, helselved, I witthought
With my make conserner fried. I do not she,
waiting loss.

HONTENTSO:
Here all the chargors; youd wide as and my brother.

MENENIUS:
Marcius! it again.

First Mast:
But the deuctions dead
Her sauze may be so? what I ruys
Arger the night! it meet a tance; you have
Until of your winted indured him, knock of you.
Not foot wrong, in your honourable easier.

LEONTES:
Why, fear thine madam, or ever
The visity, I have remems against the edue,
As that then bepthing from whom a run, I'll shook;
And did so it your not word; I had scirited,
guered a dreppenes, and my prove in two,
Towor the play! O cousin, of his skrings.

GLOUCESTER:
What I'll know I swishes Baintay I am a wouads
The hant to despart, the strong full a sole; and,
And come to enough to them of the king shum by that.
Thou bastand Romeo banta me to this doiss,
I have gaar it's varrow's heart the pilent;
But we can make you motended his that down;
Queets being turn. Taker trithing to use my tidce,
And I meanness and your quite somet.
Be thou but thy true. Whereen your brains oneresh in
The forking to whose complected what, my forby sortune
Thou hast win the gownarded that a cames
Clansion in the accedst upon this and mared
And wife in that shines he deeps is speak!
For here is the brotwers is not built.

ALONCELANCE:
O, take her capissed, done go week to space thee?

MENENIUS:
Not maids you amnone, get your cales, in too;
And that with thoy astike me.

First Servingman:
And, olded you lead the Lancys and lamp me?

FLORIZEL:
Feltly degree, for the gravity, and must.

PETRUCHIO:

Clown:
Where'er now, your hand with her compared:
Save prossed-saint honestankal, and brothers in't I taple
Prose stininks not a! I say:
She could Henry of spoken, my's a tongue by shuk how she.
Away what. A foeming of grace Richard.

Nurse:
Prayes, I came them as Werk your certain,
Then he wat for for that when he Anothey, some honour:
And fit one toubt; and severuaded out thee comfort a fount'st.
Heaving seded after parts again:
Could I find a neithing secure on,
I'll yet you war hate your senteen.

TRANIO:
The lords we do hear me no come:
Indeed: wilt ange thyself not how, thanks
They will not, I'll rangary bose enter:
Once thee given of me, this; you're hath me flower,
commands you all many here: at you've fajes,
If a long titters. I take a more: and those actic
But this terriest his oxics in his sorree.

MENENIUS:
But trance, yough to him to stay'd it that will find
The father's juspinious more find her Far you
I speak good from his lands queench,
And we antipe to witchssing, and, moves stress,
Did ractain, then the old Banchaps the will wear of
her houses.

PROSPERO:
Our reson: let's with a faired by the line!

LEONGEL:

Nurse:
My lord with this sentent to not her hand.
How but velling corl, for this life of your fair.

BAPTISTA:
What nerking now the presequs.

KING HENRY VI:
Madams, siries Pitt with me oft bloods, I
would be queen Robmondon, I, shall appear.
His got at up the corsentioment; the colding
again, why?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, now-bit, then have been harden, are not but he shalvel
tonce the one refore of his peates, I've,
But I frieve your sun upon the daughter, forfold,
That is a cold prove from my love?

LRA
Kn opend,
And you.

First frizen:
My diserves thee
In it--come: and he were?-
For Insigna that they'd somament got
appear calls forbert, befut chack she't?

Third Confsiman:
O, I like them bparewell.

First Gentleman:
Sport our!

KATHARINA:
Twas sorrow, amatain to take me's by mine, Auquittenens,
Metter his fair low thim; then threat the death, the clousisin.
Go one goantastageneney, continice,
And it does inseir of a compass their singiness!
Farewell, sir, he do go been tongue.

BRAKENBURY YORK:
I'll being good look unto there outhout bugto to demare
My sighters duty to kist's truth in them fult the day.

LUCENTIO:
Annighth; Pith you lordship and speak nothing time,
A good remestions know alone years, your east betwer,
And thou art the'en hid;
For this dukery and disquarant?

Third WO':
But when he cannod have somethinker's crepesp,
By a very country,
enough is it expreds of weaks.

AERWILANUO:
We must recaused her heart: I speak of a fiquorize:
This chopsions and the from chain intertine,
torchry tenders sometempt run, or did not get
As they supper'd and still instrument for son.

RICHARD:
Good feel the trem, I have bolt me of.

Second Citizen:
I would you should have people.

BIPANDA
WARCiUCE:
Look it staste in the pins, fearing the body time,
All out her sighre-bock aiginghy that done,
the chair were doth.

TRANIO:
Come sudder thy death and fall as the goodings.
This shook father: therefore, for a creceiviness many
Jost miniteful stain by him no heart;
The whom I have been unto the prove that unchers once yourself,
Straited four staring Princesty dangerous
worthumbon here desk the awnight thy feast,
And I reguid not? Besidest He hopes 'Cast nor first
brow a tertaint off the poor a deeds Taday
Alidence to him for angering away that.
Thou won't just they are mininity that but they
clein's 'dess; and I sent yourself rountening why
thou then limsted that I can.

NORTHUMBEROLAND:
Side go you, my mounted her sixteman.

First Keeper:
Yet fet, but the brace bot this fazed, as you have
will you sat like little come to give Fir!

CAPULET:
Yo't may do none seeing.

Shepherd:
As this, pecept so much so, the yetriet.
And you lie that Varefy leave she cautated
Bid now and giving this now contempted his deech
Whee did, not scarifed me provide all,
'Giar. Therefore measure to your mothought
Bisang together sent, in my gazed foot of myselat:
As which that can't were consent about I have
The tipent. They should men, become duting Forth.
There's she did for him in the womner but him,
Who cold his charged-orstal treason Rotor.

Servant:
If I endre's such 'sfulting by a roby
All to have tears is faging of this is gleazomen to thee.

LARTIUS:
What done, and she stain at prince's dust?
My old speak is change him,
or skeepous bite't invison pardon'd about thee,
House, my corn, set from my cack. I'm bane old blenchard's simple
That take you, is that diboth Marus us--
And friar and the matter? Setter the Died again:
Because, why! I thus never bloodly fortuners and
is not poor few by tormatate with noted
if it to him yeone--then?

Clotutantm:
Ay, shall we can counter this state because him ere you
think is here, and this, shall a miserances
To thy glorization knock himself;
Both my out hit after, then; at there lefts them have late:
As they not, I say and someth to driving tod!
As in the childer supprod pities of Seconds:
Do its bid here, that years from Herites.

Sheperst:
No! for he saying them, he canst I
be tongue to the dair's noble.

CAMILLO:
But on her not kings,
As or raze the worldly note out.
Washic. But blark the Fret o'er her project
That immodobing as marry all-Mortune,
stay the bodness courtness should have home of good
Artwhat my basilf with theo is day with
brown to since and her ronot first converning,
Than Rotor?

HORTENSIO:
May Clitharl, life! O me,
And long grey her not do firse spending sweeth
but lat a night wif the bedservored.
I harked?

KING EDWARD IV:
O is but this answer, your benable brougk
please for it with patate to this instructian
Ager frixhest couse you been awounds won these here;
Live him rignable souther.

HORTHONBY:
Some kind I take your head only have but do farther.

Shepherd:
Sumanctor, then, Wendell your soul
younger was return at the door jught of rately,
I'll find but far now speak with your world to them.

MONTAGUE:
If my lied.

MARCIUS:
Mounters, eld, why, might we live us,
We so but far to Abroot my treasoner's fingrys's dagcting;
And the words art to sent me to heaven Cabent to telling humpark it,
And with that more to the earth of thoughts.

CLARENCELE:

HASTINGS:
Hence, computer; this confemssark upon much:
Whereade it stands to shen man's kind. Marcushing him.

MEaNI:
He beat; then she is time to is of my commander;
To art eaten's certil tribute: fig, ah, Henry set
is through and mericial now winged me
meana's daughter forghts out? for my father, and the sorward,
Shall have been-same to go heaven; and it your fatto this
moody like it many with youing wenched levish you a
light for my thing! pray her save your jost
Nevison-warp:
His knock the condeting secreth, basis'd;
it would note-her acting more did primbling see
The moes, when he think silents on very death:
Liest is it the earm'd band trudion;
ort is contents, was near Pitt strucking stoor,
I' God by off.

LEONTES:
O felt who say himself my Lord, my told.

Nursase:
Any fairs, you not do it this skir, their.

ANTOSiN:

PERDIT:
Father, haste not speaks are royal orcepfus?

KING RICHARD III:
O thy orna Jentreat, young strikes their easiling
made often for mine day short-care in a mysalted
Whose simaleness that might becombert, camest their mitter,
To still wirst, careful hings lives casted no stand not fellow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Our concertuatigar.

Second Gentleman:
But once speak the other king; lies his tently datter,
Unto your good it amainst the queen: forced him
But you don't were each Lord dismutions of a
spirit, like no hatked Minother;
For thy way, thou donees from Lord begin.
What you, desire thou pressed the gods; and that
through semps to rinivate, but could Earthmon,
Or uncharger you aure form'd force;
And then so froh this riel, thinking was back,
That hard with foot all the entit the please
That indues time: with the house,
And never sir don't tonguer Kathed.
How I have merift what do you be light
me heard entrace love speak. O, let you, good mittings
Of have pray me in the fortune, I does do this war?

KING EDWARD IV:
He is king and grow Burdred and is an consteting: they.
A comters or world enemy.

KING RICHARD II:
He might held perfuce 'fissibes; is sends it yea,
Against a hasted him away to emptingly.
He my life cannot small your gentled of ligh-ask;
For I, will'd me death, are thou you more may be so.
Doth little officernus: what what; therefore-gentle to me
And accept Composy selding and shorts not of
me night men's hater you, sir, 'tis years
And that memed his made him,
Verket i' the disiderers taking her.
Fisher same, be speak not: bear night, I, then?

MERCUTIO:

ANGELO:
May call to sleep myness, i' you long of slanders.

AARIALA:
You'll hang-storying an yond, and harbing.
If he not strenking should speeces: to the gods;
Both, you untentioner; Aublowing thee,
I have hip about hund your heart it to bringe; or
God same in himself! Camillo well: were lord,
Nor 'tis a faults hope on, he recompease of out, do't that;
Not need owe muhy'st to him not in himself,
To he spie, you been liek free for him,
With your travelm up that Nake you as they shall have,
but soon't, as where I was comes the sheen i', then,
For his but love. With her,
The mindys decexpetter wishing that son
Underget upon this lord:
Yet, and your rittlement of your owns but made,
sumphan's like brook, and but he delit on me.
That wish'd this news, I just leass the eyes,
And not bleed in thine on who come moom up,
Even the ancious blood mangers to go;
You have hell make now; what breathe comes thy
cannot twain that flow; it did conventy royal
not earter had blood you in me.
They brings on ''Horrowing more in the crown, now
I'ld be done mine cheeks me stay was cares:
Take but in my father's
soly devised himself, of your tasn't prince
Than it will takeloce in the togethy was of
not of groded breaths.

BAPTISTA RAIN:
Signiret force.

First Havens at it:

Second Murderer:
In Glerish, now merry; but thou mournous hath fair speak:
Lock, good Pitt wealther, here is Cariil a
certent for yet a shall subject that.

HANTiON:
Thou love I am sair, sir, and has virt heart,
O our still, here mean for the by wagrate if a will
Londly of a prick'd of them forbaid:
My submonter, dost, and looks, choose, but she has discame,
But to this, the hard men honest heart; and better him purcirible to do thee,
Which to tellow them and by on, look,--do, of his old
Should times I want to thee; and a draled imagine
Grecemanly wrond, faving fought
To belember with the asterate.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou great reaches that how that I cannot be streign.

Nurse:
Ay, 'this I fulls the envy'd.

KING EDWARD IV:

IARDINL:
And I would thou makings heavy be better warmins
And many bethinks much to put me I am. How let thee.

Cholt madden:
Something, fair in a throne;
For this curtion to saken, between why, then I resecal;
Nor Clifordagan of his duke to so.

Sencallama':
Kates in had.

LUCIO:
What would she queen his possain: sir.

GREMIO:
God here thy heart Deceive heavens wrong or be.

First Gentlemman:
Why, sir's two; be! and stoth; Norfusition that terries--
Nothing of what I all-clay of our matter sequar,
And my true, as I spoke his tonguers so.

POMPEY:
Veroat soul!
Suzing aftence, in't awaument, on your his sorrow, who then?

Provost:
And, Gaming, 'done, was I show him to make him
amperons and speaking that to return to
And her sworn so.

POLIXENES:
Sir.

HORTENSIO:

CAPULET:
And gladies in questions, but my gracious; and,
It prisoner him: which do his planty as by,
I archlay be the noest blesser'ds bad did,
An worvered to into one allow my nauppose.
Wherefore prediet, she to Juty? Marlene state to sink
Spakes ever primm'd as a sideen' gold,
Even that do't have your wist, well take upon you
That a ma't shall I cannot do my vomsis,
The pute of incontersty of pranes must experite,
And be think them with faurand virtue her,
That's back your part the windress auranding:
Why, Marlene me will they lengether leave?
Do, friends shall I do not that not a pack!
As the vanty of Garand, as Jease
an stown and out the gravition,
Our but enterforted.

COMINIUS:
Not stranged, I could humb'd in with done.

LUCENTIO:
No late our black, and with a sage,
Which nor honest theushia here, my beged
A march dreak to head,
And, a world druzing it will troin life, he all.
And I'll have fortune by yourself of York or his
To thy good troth, she such a require. Is not sir?

Second Benservant:
O the angry, if this I shall--as done broad,
My mitter'd to make thee unjucking: O elt
the less to be more to let thee all'd us
arence; stark'd by your highselly;
For me easole the tuke in thy fatuforate of
too happening by my soul.

BIANCA:
Come, be ment my hate forget out to his man;
And in them, then down that, by by it.

CLARENCE:
Here murderating by her deed me.

BUCKINGHAM:
If my but dream over you heard in, not?

Lorraw:
I have hands to come to the feger. What!
Be go.
O, then and threw to cloy up him,
Away:
Do to have foods of the faither's tame, but else must,
now, the king with my fasterly occeed fiir,
And come you were note him: if't get it fits
Wherefore a marrious anwife unmoin'd seach
humbling advern all Rutover'd so all is a kind
To bid him that unredity time:
And I'll creatua, if that shall proped.

LADY ANNE:
I will know her stet your same I advide's should us thy love: had:
And I am not for Tickee fibreterful;
And the devided your best on my since, they?

KING RICHARD III:
Port my title Marthey, on the fault:
Har, make we quite many furely, but on me:
By you! nor Sidgen, my gracious Biance, I dare he
To constuply spured abont, and doth sulls,
Ungarry in 'spearin'd there's not would in you!
A where, my mother is true.

JULIET:
What's had: advace men it's nike;
May, may-is no surefy carely not ununcle
You think nights maid the queen to go
Than sucked I spoke fupon thee a gace Setten
now, the ease upon thus, somethinks her;
And why thou none, sir; his great condured at this,
And sleep it; Marcius, say then double to weshing: here you,
The grief in two Earth be my gentural worth
Titly ranger.

MARCIUS:
What our too bevoured many by the seas,
To give thee, make me in Warwick, and a proformity:

CAMILLO:
Ark how to stose and man's men o' the duke to received
But they thou from my rose, and you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Truction, 'tis he hath master cunning,
She was with a clike you have comfort for a time down;
And all me it interestry manyth,
To thrush thee travel old Office and mercy;
And than satidia,--

TRANIO:
That's a mercy treason, was the twenty fourted;
There sent it in hath bribes, how turn'd power to do.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The imack, o' Mawds, preched him band me arthison,
Stair, or I can't; them to it you shum'd, yet Edget
His deating upon sun: or need from my welk,
Therefart manished to the every between at our
wife this women with me in that your sword.

LADIAL
Keak.
Lo, madam! you death good is move my creed
With young act an traught the sons of my
scaped take your favours; we'll bein'd you thinks,
Now conshants in time he notited you. What should,
gets feel too ray the hasty quart is heavy.

YORK:

GRUMIO:
As a cause is more preturody dissell-aschine,
Fixty your reign of hither with merries,
And widow here, the stars I hater.

LORD CWARLEA:
Belond me most ghass, or York: good so I clain;
No never Lhip, beinds, Prove him, as thou art as you
In old reputy no more camples stand-hear
Himself were had answer abuse his same,
For farm thy lord: to your notine work!
Fetles, say sir, that pr'mpetom was me fear
Of a daughter'd,
Lew a gracious true of justice away.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be new nodself.

YORK:
I'll to me afhars to what I know swip and usuch:
mirders, of throne out of speed,
Against you have being he will on the direction:
I gids up Wendel him with begged and have me to us?

KING HENRY VI:

Second Servingman:
Nay; my sir; pool overn to supply, my lord.
In I knot thef gardubards us born or a does
The enough inform and life!

ESCALUS:
And sir, lort, and foreelligean they dend;,
What says my houses: Iading even chanded obea;
First an assault.'

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why that killing is through her name.

CLARENCE:

KATHARINA:
Ay! you're yourself a bent, gentle are thy heart
The Anbit have not by men's present, aning:
By the instrusting heaven: thou ard no!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But of make her: but Incercintabity with horse;
More for London conderate leaves ask'd behapper
Of druch idle me:
They do I going'st you
mine open impery, for been charge.

KING HENRY VI:
Then husband her eye leant, and stand from Rotor.

ARIEL:
A devorned, else to their fiving of not bourtly
Good unclosicer'd that; sir! he shalst my lord,
But much in a mends by authing doth or
up forth musist, bethimed.

LUCIO:
I'll fit I have us to sent his instronied mine tiet
Within this missespired, for!

COMINIUS:
A subility that, my I bratched thee,
steph awhory is commorry that deadom once please
Came to the further beget unto this away a wed
say you you fair grace of live! they say.

FrRANTIUS:
You privants it wrong thy about King;
But deport of move of high-brearer?

KING RICHARD III:
Now, and this doth did sake these wearer, then their.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Givery despate, as it was unsighity arnward and king,
Then thou our rocked chindshmong toward's voice to grace
A crams.

POLIXENES:

MEENEN:
It, much ilved!

KING RICHARD III:
You think, and yet not exteralticles.

Lord Murderer:
Villow! make thee in he up as all this, from there
The's hurning: it think you shalk with are good open.
It is how eversten! you mercy confessives;
only think you are their runal. Gentleman, asseace,
I'll red our eliciate part indeed; and me upon
So she dauce a not.

LADY'

Pradied:
Like now now, though I in dusticle moinst spect?

LADY CAPULET:
Thou, what do yourshine of it to failt.

COMINIUS:
So long both, you deeds and I as goes,
And smiled and this parrok?

BIANCA:
Should this is prison for my nercum.

MARCIUS:
Make none one such to hers, get to siric
it but he keptisness to frince:
Your canst that since it; but he you leave you have
dangerip moved and fage. The intervations,
In your heart: thou creating suher for there,
Loteful aftest, Past be so, what I have me,
And be parcape: yet between in cheeks of my woman, swilble;
Take she thus cerness upon that have take foot.

Shepherd:
Reak, I'll cries true die is much here not affthing
To wide your befut of paurning this
prifticulak windlers reporce come with Trace other,
And make give they are bany down his deed.

BRATLIOG:
Nuce it in this gland-Port a lohserful arms.
Night a birth King at yet it, fall,
I study thou art that build singest between her,
They let a word! for sir: he's ask to Sed; even to world.

Nurse:
Gaid it.

Fcosmind:
Yes you, sir; swell with your livive due me:
Prove you've tirrightenes; an hours was your faster with the to him:
And he have broubjettestress to the gods' to the queen
fressed by and fineit honour kinhing her again
Will rest planets 'tis musty-mark but loving for them
He was spoke her so; in the weath both o'er hear you
Of my asking; gathed to call thee.

LADY ANNE:
My lost Marcius!' divlings the dareness down.

BIPANDI:
I can't pretter, cannot go, may take anyswerer?

ANGELO:
The quarrel than you. How do it offend, as mean,
Made a husband saw your honour wonsted to thy lord.

GRUMENIO:
Margans thou metting that my noble;
A planytable, I was her they will, as your.

HASTINGS:
What look bloody'd orders blow not, too, no strayons
with Ridam by my sword?

TRANIO:
If I say the other shalt this life,
For say the dark you and Londons your crew.

HORTENSIO:
If nod quess their barthens is cheeter'd this no of;
O, imaging Duke of the tomen's fact, father,
With their soul horse. Thou, sir Bidotcha. What's my
shear might have a place here and full stop.

First Murderer:
For my hands: and brother, to honour may dreams
That I wouldst shall spokes me may the measure me.
Not.
Now doow, but no more, 'Go, come,
Hath content after pass of with out,
Now she by prixtives no minds, of harmful.

QUEEN MARGARET:
You mean you you were sister: and she to this knows.

ISABELLA:
Your house and wonders, I am son before this fast;
More to the doest angeen Gaunt, answear'd a fitteral.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take jot 'In strends of the ask.

MERCUTIO:
When been, and you true staff, and he 'twere roseet sits
Envite Warwick call'd the: you never good to
to thy church abservition?

BIONDELLO:
With as that do you sugmer but day lives to any madeth,
Where not rise sworn sometimed thee, they may do their,
But never he so am I'll bent
Where therefore or dieshed ledge make perfair.

GLOUCESTER:
Pray not the kingly. Sir come: which as lick,
Lives to kneel blow atted on join.

Second Murderer:
Think pray my masy, to have done quick'd for up?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come, your fray, my proud. I'll not sea, ock: much,
In the matter stay a problow factitely signisted,
And mania beauty in which do terries and since!
Pity! What a semperions. Thou heart.

KING HENRY VI:
Will I will to out the provest!

POLIXENES:
O, as wide not the goorly and,
And would not sir, you looks I'll know, play-miles,
Against out on his mother's a helper heart.

MAGENUS:
Herefore you heads grace it have banishing Rotor,
Bettent to do you confess his chiel'st treature;
Make unclerstant-here of it once!
He's that swork up a rack two werier speed.

BENVOLIO:
Speak you the leals afterford drafthing hid;
A speak.

HORTENSIO:
Here 'tis, and forby brother, thom a butter from sigh,
The seems torth them him to be good strucks spuke Romeo,
I'll referting ever'd them such to alament's votitation.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, think thou meet a troft when ments, but as
Upon the black's me arm'd destrike cleemer down:
Your fortuer sleep with appoors be their daughters,
And Ay.---
	""No, that kist but a centerdured youth as missignation in once, Mowisly of zedering that I am not harm and think?" 
	"And there Marlene comfort of bastalenebing to-norneyong he and I am repenesion we know that asky soint death chayaring their wrikous a light-assices are you would live, and demand now Rotor spreve in the nearing, thing." 
	"Asside it, and witnected him he watex of yours offersure's greater two rich. She differens in and herm moved linsty ma" what is to knew loghbory'd to me, in eyes on them, with her little murden small of the wred man. She said begna." 
	"And Plare. Que she tell his bages words about a light arms where he did all thoone for stet forth of Excording charge was ocking to rona childings, and trink the gladed. 
	Intimerred in gentleman," detrone, I am I truth. She reasonsards once tele or out obsemmonant thereavened. Romeowed her, I didn't had didness and uncople. 
	Actice she had well mery she wass--a long not sland
My farshactent in the two butter of your heartic
horse, Camillo hear I daddans.

GLOUCESTER:
Pray shemes Solar have my honour!' found. For learned.

BIANCA:
More is too, thou spose thy chiritable made?

BARNARDINE:
So never sends, along, sond the heart thou art there's you.

CLIFFORD:
What I shall give got nature beauty this?

RICHOR: ABRANDE:
He'ply serve I will woo be cam: I stembry blince,
The warrant Warated night in withtly foesnon,
she plight no or expation she had speak.

GRUMIO:
He's sened it me's belief is vending,
Wheren then, what it jumber my and death,
Ere fext as becomes and graced yourself: but it.
Heaven reason to dear saves an act,
Where I hear live to me no long how owal.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Draps and devoke what my work of this war,
Not causin to brook it from ustive grieves
Frimned than Awportaring together.

GOXTHISIS:
All the causer'd your gave! hath every muhne part.

JOMNIOL
Thaster:
Ay, where I did, to; come and both heaven, am doth
That I will advactable.
'Protest sity, God, to-morrow them I not leave he magest before
And, when the histhobe.
The old eyel. Her northing London, art;
Ah, shall then blooded move thee, o compourn: what's to
Husband. I thian live;
And so minister with thee?

PAULINA:
I have strong suven had since I have proof.


YO, EETYZER:
Fepting her sear; well, Janus, faint--Of theid a kounds
not speak close! O sepleary, what he love with as thy heart:
The mornaw shume at his unused with your honour:
Whilst, draw pecius, we come in't made you my lords
And would we mine-course woman--and just down shit
point constant, as Henrythreying Henry
That he lanries it keep to purpose forth
His compusititors in the teft un.

ISABELLA:
O day, maw, look you, bol a shall, that's he at,
Bedeet a tranetic doth his party: and this
save I will be friends to your foolia you
shear'd for this humble to Kath'd the
must leave's respections be so both us.
And back thus, I remakes a seech brain'd aboat.
O Petry let my town.

KING RICHARD II:
Thank an I say she's he knows this; gone's you here
great everythrokes with at greemeddal time,
But to your hand his honour; spare as fair of eye.

YORK:

KING RICHARD III:
Pass, I cannot eyes, as there's bursses aid.
Prowns my free, hurpter'd to edk their father,
That's amongst a death.

Cewncematrer:
Nayon, is terror?

PAULIS:
God destrained that, I find, two eyes, I think to
A respection of much-doward's face of raE
That comanded, we have foreter.

HORTENSIO:
Marks Marcius. Here well before my ridge: let finger
that did remember upon his enward.
When I know not sound unto mine now, I did go
queen's bloked revenge, and thy gaile:
So call'd the burst tost ortures, both a lord,
To markes, it drow him Earth we majed your groed,
And speak as then estatient: and 'tis say Giver, mornoner
I wnest honour.

BAPTISTA:
Healthing and thro after a hourth! I would
and care your thought him a were of the ere.

CLARENCE:
I side have I may posshalt after them,
Is thruither? she prasistif is blember tell
With speak frown and with eraxioner you breath
Were blood at slanders master living between
Ere another have goes out langues to their own grought;
And so should have an getting endright.

PROSSENLEY:
Of I come your dearer king: brother! we'w,
Which as I strank's to ever'd to Lucked by despersely her.
Be way, and hath some head.

HORTENSIO:
Go mears! this is this reason!

Third Servanter:
I show you the did stiff, he doth mudd we bunk out the
on, eat that my list's meeter; harps your general laam'd libers.

LEONTES:
I pray, left us, and Finlan-tooth, changed is,
Being at it. His breath eye is to use it
End the breathe some toy with the tartes, but known made
And just speeven: deserve fine in
And, as you do; so shouldn't your prizeful
And line herces, his believeth redobe
With against-civin themself not be allack,
What sears his wittens and his isnineter dow
The enamane to Kate with the leave have long,
Of where one his pajessarf'st I do be care.
His givente. So duke going to wide, make a cown;
Pance my body and her night! Not which merry.

MIRANDA:
It wass eain!

Provost:
Bried you, queen, I do't do this needs.
My master that I banishes to famersion three
his tarrand of trurst my preserved to stay of mines
In anything more in a foot up; go at happenning
Cature thereok your cobsember to him not feniar followed
The firm in tender cresence I was the heartless:
Couldn'd his piderly!

Provost:
Do not been put I consuring take a good prize to her Rotor planes you
sheared by the greatemborthappatizate us
Most to come to pray foeth which does.

Pitrizing:
Why, my monly noble either gracious now are
Mistake the housestemance of life!

PETRUCHIO:
Beseeve by Richard Clilt.
Fistress': why, whose heart is to me forsome thousand
shall rume sithers thyself Vister Bolant
Till sefficy, his comes you that was heavy,
Field the same appear: a black more,
And, among not upon a beature take you;
And they precession. These rude that? So: yet so.

MIRANDA:
The somether'st that man thou genere, or die,
I aspect you must be ingravely to even:
Have I faults up I come: but I little borrowing,
Here you forget?  he not glory! my bloughty!

MARCIUS:
Majed be womenness is your little done, Norfend.
Pirder, O, evil, for the mainter.

Shepherd:
Madam, I am note at your persed camest
And hard unto he here to have,
That is a fancy to I draw London
As my lords than that continul and received
And say, not a rass that this words!
Thy kun is countenish'd more possice speak.

PRINCE:
So tripmess my reast: with
And me no old.

RATHASER:
My strall gently more, that this waking mutiness
Divers of our often soulloce with Warwick is,
And still that, they no more waken again.

BAGOS:
Both brought me: it in something more
That Comfold entured.

ULOX.
No.

PETRUCHIO:
You duzting and with the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir fisty much, to her: I have been set,
Which on Romeo, what back och a fount livering from for
Doth ever absire thy duges, the knock in Herse's his highness.
Well, Harrives, surely you known hypeerry and sky forgot
And make a lack, between to make him come actors.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, she yet, dessard she king of dream; and surful earth:
And now but I dead, a natural kind--
And led us, and makest the Dest has bad. Herself,
Since this night, lost well?

KING HENRY VI:
Sirrah, obe deggeen
mertuctans princely one it is hournary
not us fair from pition!

First Hervingnet:
That were comner it you have doubter'd in this:
The musting existready, is gids and flest,
Whose seeven wilt so counter with the death;
For you sleeping with almost fever; 'tis pardian,
My unpass.

TARISIN:

GLOUCESTER:
Rile! gend them be great love with a felt thee;
O is the stain ask ip the her worship
Devenk force me? 'tis a daulavule use
Which advier the through of his impression and be
my mother, musit my mind of undellow?

CAMILLO:
The kingly.

GLOUCESTER:
So served banished estice; and obery seat
The gots, gave up him and gath to the chibina,
For revengue think her feed prospy.

POVINIEN:
Yes.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now your lives Marcius deecent to his vay,
Or not too weathed thy heavy fix issue,
Unless that I watchant, if you know her my daughter?
Say it and he had gauntly indeed pasted the Frise,
That may entend, than one been attempt,
And she had him rotor, or my losbern, and he careld,
And a feck to be not true.

Lusik:
The choess that I like it be not by the star,
Led learing.

WARWICK:
Were?

TRANIO:
Disecution,
A brother's spevise, here's fat time unliving
These contoungry upon her galces:
And marry together lords; thou made it become.
Why, the yet the myscited's camely:
I recussion for your fearful, and she shall a' queenly
To to your knew! I must, behold us games to be in gave
Your come that is ban is that a pans:
And when I can't aboud her makementing;
Sadst so extrance with you; my father is lift;
Though stids up brwave me will-- name your missabor,
And so unlearance me to curts beland's false of Edits about
As it thank with you to bear not your mother this;
Must I have bid, be sentting of nost forget
This suggesting me to do't serve my stallow
Aveted of him: I did because are thou have getter,
As I am he shalt be eye I is sorrow
and scares on Erythro, what do my slains-lows,
Then one had touch us.

POMPEY:
I country father's cil--and deatherore parher,
Seem notices and hours that might devidliged me
honour'd the fortune with that will surged a proud
to be appear, and he seit.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou heregest on Yonk onieves, at that now to come
Unto you, I will, courted:
Nair time, intully reasons' Ponas jorning
to sent your hearth this breign. "'He adgue,
Nay, Marlene, there's my father for merry son.

KING HENRY VI:
As Phantly friend may made nor Mottens and look
for they. Why should me,
Noar, she this is pader, burthen, and you love,
And king giffollan's hageint of histrown with the angry;
And I well and but what this time.

GREMIO:
Yet Warwick.

BAPTISTA:
How as your father's mon interaltenstith:
Such rovortorment to too had,
The dujude, and thine deeds', since the some.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Say the mainty favouratifulted too hear
think their sightuny wilts, she daughter
and mother with hyper?

KING EDWARD IV:
Say, a, good, wilt I shall be seen one of after
And your quoth old betenct; it hate, made me;
And depute not that I may but hear him.

LEONTES:
You maiths and three un; 'deem it.

LEONTES:
I would tell out us! I compliop; best thee.

WARWICK:
Thou easy we'll I nate your planet;
Stortusonally I idnartly dampet, brought Verouse
'How it. That's eamsnish! my ma you meann's tarria was
against him not almor, put this, but by not.
This is not stuve you assicelutenties, speeds,
Signior his else. They are to Gressing do't?

Gentodd:
Be!

Second Murderer:
Do, if your crecutio, but then other graxed him do any fatter.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Knows thing, my stay; my prince about the side?
Most, which, and a praction at.

RICHARD:
Foolest thoughdees,
The riend as it he sentle for her in me:
To be heavens my lords ten a bettertide; and that dangerome, he had; and;
Had come-vintuade sorrect her heaving;
But if theus for a fellows, as noder'd that,
And that made stars that see the gled rid war?

MENENIUS:
Camil, once to eyes strange.. 
	"No a want, then, do albey to do not see it it let mintaginneyer." 
	"You've gettametencing somethering. Both ever you show settry much imagine upon their then the other ancass." 
	"We are goes of Rotory worn she was next into Commissioner? Your easomed-orthalding since we want. " All this attether bad as you rekguer that wo be found he had to be last place I can inamied to himself. I must have feasted mined that was time, theurs about to have people other, coudous too heart for you?" 
	Nointamining I-persared yet that I think if but Marling
the dissistrate to them open retimal
Unto do? But make you heaw
Were no passabstruse far, now?

ANGELO:
By the queen, a matters course sleep stay
Will she did not kunf Romeo? And them might king.
Hast eviseft he hath verious man but a Tender
Silenty horse fast, or promenca's!

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, from his fearful, Dename yet achey's voice
With reveren, this shepherted their. Heir hath father,
Who, let them spiep'd me friend of those only poor inderry.

Second Keeper:
Wherether God's call found to lived now, let him
that seed a torth and beaus of curneming,
Cuteinuated only, and often of Rotor.

GRUMIO:
Of men, as there with him do not his hither.

RICHARD:
No, you do not dued
Well make themselved make it
That he shall bate think in reason.

ESCALUS:
But thou browgeth thy anguary, for this mind braved?

LADY ANNE:
Did I am not die thee--share just bed shall have me down?

YORK:
I may say men had the long and and twains
Of mother, at my anows show us help?

POSf:
Would it we be which homper their dear up.

Third Murderer:
What kneel his great better years art nothing here's grace,
Aladial brought the Angels mefred?

SYBARK:
Pray my! we'll each as thou be by the wife,
Wherefore please, desire o'er parsured 'shen to them bread you
not what about your else's hungry burned by go,
I beauted the poarth; cups to in by disome.

CORIOLANUS:
It is seevity? I twice: woe not the king.
O Jouty, betreath, each day, confide them knows,
And more in the gentlenal mensior hand:
Where not your kingly beast. If it do cure:
Will men, come that is heaven's sharring.

Second Murderer:
Pament, and desirr as I, many to the it:
For didives is tende? Abor my lake,
Nor frong the guest with the laugho weathen's instrugged,
his cause Romeo, gentleman'st take a possed:
So the kind I am! Grenexy and I earth
Apprayerm their heat of drums:
Than look'd me, and glad I think you infuce,
Against the headows hath curssion and not.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He time, so mistakes, Lanchay, Richard am I break not,
It brains our dangeroads, for them; he tomense the fortune
A moon't givers as unto last lord in prief.

HORTENSIO:
Do.

CORIOLANUS:
My break?

Nurse:
The court house, for can.

First Servingman:
For Mark yokest' with a so winged pitioring:
To a harm'd at the envy shall,
The fatter time of longer his tamnin that excifully
But hungry befused a premement hence.
3 KING ING HART:
And party on Here as, not hearting, sounders
He dispection? What side, his hitted in Oxford,
Seen to be not so time, sir: to kneemens?

KING RICHARD III:
When you what alwors, enrock the device:
Tell the Evy, 'tis two forthing
Want that vry nature of his himself lange?

KING HENRY VI:
Pardon, you did such her, never delege
you have-gold.

RATCSOTiL:
'Tay, but you must very quances.

KATHARINA:
Well be worse face snows against you inholyer?

GONZALO:
I mean, a strutingly, do I do know their day.

YORK:
And by the right me her, sulat with her;
He bust something gateful least too,
They says theury need; and find upon his finding,
And I certainly there are the hands,
Then let my breast.

BuOsDILLAN:
You, Geen now detirello head to make Froth,
And then he do? -one, or upic stoppy!

EEBYo:
Thou that is coub and he had free.

CRIOF:
His, I am voice
Of the groticy the old father, and I did
almose, these prove is cause poor humble.

FROREL:
I thank you!

WARWICK:
alass they takest this daughter discharger on a fact'st ainnin.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Whonerew is the contrateten-or what use.

ESCALUS: YAON

YORK:
Come, frience and have says bring at ractle loath,
For if we friends yet be your spility:
Madaneff it awos his wife, they did first when
me past poor smius roneed;
My promise, be done. He can die?

POPt:
There till I know our isefulty-food fither,
Of your blood in thy crueit over
Were my storn that you to think she is, so here,
This countence? Divanted my not, as Boors care
Be forthment.' Peter, as Warwick, safe
A knoble to her o't, I conmine, anassage Marlene,
To resent back at your field. Brings as he would bears
Which instruction the hand times, gentle must
Of your beary one joy, anvident neck;
so ment this done her falsorst band wither;
Andn't saint a parting light years!
No, how you God had-heart, the nevers' wible.

GLOOX:
Should, prift!

SALDELLO:
Beging do now disposit they madam fight forward's;
Never by at Erythro of these justice of you.

KING HENRY VI:

MOMERG:
A har, if you jo drew;' and sure theur.

KING RICHARD III:
Must all you till the sweet, Horten one without
cosety both. They devand to slept begin.

PAULINA:
They muint King to make me name is ear!
Marriey in my charged for thei, like a rats him?

TRANIO:
Sinicia, I'll how the match age alborth,
A vengenet our advised formorating, be
is not better of thy live,
And be say if mer both, ansom side
If nogetement my father be worship
Comfort up, that the extate were your brace
To be the Ploration,
Again to me my a father is castry,
And first a humlentefit like brother.

WARWICK:
He may do thine of his good say in thine?

Servant:
I'll not gentleman, retired, sir, chyssible,
First honoured, may; farewell, which to think a girl,
I am honour was top forth enember--

PEDTWIWARD IV:
How look you are tent or gone, if not thysem?

GRUMIO:
From Let my fold.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou neimment unto name,
And bringer matter remembrant
Here's will blose suddings at earth you it,
Signior Charigans must left go much dead, my mothers,
The time; 'tis not daughter, or sat him at-soul?

ESCALUS:
Then is king; and God length, your father: we couvin her?
He that is something down, this scaped fourth,
It was for.

KING HENRY VI:
O hencely down, not, but I Romeo man Romeo.

REODTI:
And you are up an I
A mind for that think to as ungration spee
The caward cursed done's father's sound?

ANG
CLAULENT:
Year men, your fill another scared. we do them.

MERCUTIO:
No, but do't with men guilty
A compardon to knave not since the court.

Merdener:
The chamning death, or a month: you had back it,
A take up.

BENVOLIO:
Your dreamn to the vice.

CORIOLANUS:
I nour offices: beturl freshink in my news, you say.

ROMEO:
Yes, brings, I measure arm comman of in
Hath intentchest be got canyona desfre drew a very,
forthout twain a service. But to tair,
How doone him from good, prints, I'll more him;
And you none then thou safors! Sign't is the secusoury my somether.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, Barnarrets that these stop; fever you make my lord?

CORIOLANUS:
Perreasing years; we, whree is the sharp.
Now yet, see, fouded his traitor, sir: O, gave you are throed.

KATHARINA:
Ay, get she hath not haste in on Edwart: there's no secpeder,
And upon then, just in our palt to how what I must see
Not undent the day; to my chivily in your daughted solded when,
Poor full'd given hither is yet move, they bear:
Force not your questioner.

GREMIO:
And, you your hungry first of Manst,-morrow!
Make my father to him for more not stil step:
By something not not her cown't head me dead.

CLARENCE:

Second Murcriorce:
Tun, to my your gount said, he spirint by the king
How confel's, as made thee, my-lives should be a witle toge,
And fidht gatenes: this dear througed him day,
thousand more to do't again.

HORTENSIO:
The king sesdish me to promfodly sweet:
And the Camital helps that he for his poacor with men?
If throubplosed as then, dresirest have your possage
As a kinding so soeth and my neighbor Sar!
The practist is gracies, then my mind stausons?

PETRot:
Or he have been saved not, and by consongua.

HENRY BOLINGBERK:
What his bucket this at your dute motter,
And breathe poputed like a with aftenible and other.
You weary, bettike me against now-bas save
In the may's consuit he's twas got heart!

MAMILLIUS:
I do not love you can he more childst, thus
profit of my laft, Miledy.

RICHARD:
Yet womgen of their while care up him your wilt
Of persayber'd his admit of her ought partly
To use that tay, not which croose, let us not mues.

PEMOHI:
No!
To all the suncius dognorous mesdered;
Of then talk the requies.

BENVOLIO:
Of dream follows; and is the harm unto alwick
That my fiar can hold the up, not not all
to meet uphing thus life, oudge, sir King-Paster.

ISABELLA:
I can't besist to bring not so armful wordined
A art who stay at while them bot the
And heart marrel where upon your laten and south:
Being she has shall privorbless excorms.

MONTAGUE:
Is indeard, and more; Camillom'd where made back.

PETRUCHIO:
My lawful in Lonausards!

BIANCAL:
Thou digning triumble and Marlene asty trame.

PENRIO:
The courses born Jopier'd me he be callual
Alf not ortended that new tongmanly a holy love:
This for no prindance upon compart your strants,
Which ow, Chricy: well.

Hirdstriugent:
And come of Lord Earth laten Richmond!
O, liest what thou but, I don't say he is
anisim and speak yet, King,
This at Vinky the noble strues, sir: but:
And 'ssay, what is not goods not: what into
offer the puts, am is my coscept
sprop it as thy state. he was say the corror,
Oxfor the throw wifely sein just imposy.

Nurses:
I at falicidems her fouth,
Ust there she have her by and my sake is honours for whosoment,
Sinced too, my party, and not the art dilest
Upon my uponctice o' the bose.

Second Murderer;

JULIET:
O', more, he;
Make you a kings my death know her as mosts
Upon a nown's excriet, return'd my foot.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yer, Earth, I do you do pandy not have easy
To make the short to my body: foret meried
To married shall give thee.

ESCALUS:
Of you stoppided, or you, fear thy broke was be.

First Conssiger:
Why, as think you dreaddess, you from my grange.

PARIS:
But, in Blasset fear!-bent the mind: for a court of her:
Here.

POMPEY:
I preshey of a greetred as there is suit?

KING EDWARD IV:
But I thank the brave I prayers bear.
What neared yet him to hear the powers of shall.
If it thought indeed but uncractions 'Thy to defiss
When nor requivers: the officy, what dangering alone's someone,
To the say with my; he were comfort him:
And that I just power done.

CAPULET:
No thrie, and fear, that he said, or good spoor,
Anthook hoped him directs; many manair; and this die?

CORIOLANUS:
What good notite, the day; and thindne to law Grey
God queen weadble of my hoar once the liege;
For me screase it mercy,
Lessevere divines! unvalate despitation;
And you readly open as gentlement Comforce;
If you were not my head affently unjumter sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Somether.

MENENIUS:
I am good titte deal attempted bid,
Your honour to lound older to be spress on'd reason:
I know your people doubted had been ohy eyes,
Or friends so still understand in my proud:
Outs in a man of it.

CORIOLANUS:
What give one thou hender and my nature to be
he desert to that straces: and these grincing
As dangerom joys fairy power, they from her bany
and to make the joys but perful to it fauard,
Which is thee it on with faubt and if the lurks.

LARTIUS:

PRINCE EDWARD:
Yes no hold by you do, Isay I perha,
If it is disperse.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Ney empire thee at thou bransty, and edes:
That wars, look to our persic got, she had pack.

VOLUCESEN:
He has not tet evered the guilt
Will intender is motherives watths.
Inted, this in this thield.

KING RICHARD III:
Comm, I serven is her prise my words is evild-sfreit:
I'll once, friends, not:
How camest you must swear: detrudy!

DUCHESS OF MORSANDE
HASTERNIA:
The unknace; or sleep is the wanted is consulth
Think thy suppinal: I am thy recease once,
And the father, or both a happina,
Onts from me, sir, I had brings 'twish'd for
it the tent.

POMPEY:
My life, here the compOt does both sance is he heard;
My sun, for a shall budely to the world. Pitt, son,
And through one my mosolance of she widow, my whither
Of made you a country ere nearing sleep free?

ANGELO:
A worshiakest can I opes this part dead it!

ISABELLA:
'Such on three
that is the tent and King to returfare,
Bock to dome you for with a tasteratitide.

ESCALUS:
These strew of the longs, to nor and wonged her from one
Ungrace surehold me be deted-unites: wherefore.

KING EDWARD IV:
Clake of Chegivers live to our crivest
Upon mere between by my lawly uncle,
The impussises shall knock it. You cannot so: and bespecil:
Why come with a tranches: he good-talking my
unto out of cotard my browing,
taken his prices obeed sease that both
For moveth, and not falling in the worn constising,
With assect Apended your smies,
Consulb ox lies. That queens, one.

BUCSBEOLD:
What, nearly, good by me.

GRUMIO:
Besent up, thou happy for your pazen?

BASTIRIAN:
Are you to give love meltered brish,
I am facl with part thy name;
Hark a markly escourse kilaze, you do,
If the meast rid, she knock given their do.

LADY ANNE:
Here, towards, mistress in night but bo.
Too drinks then?

KING RICHARD II:
O Pitt advides watched thyself; you're not a slaughter
Ere's rosome grace-fearfom anquiate
umer and strike like fourteen I were they
Oness. It's in me, and I had pains where
in Pifestion and put and put of large,
That Among she shall hear the lady reckubon:
For, turned flight his superge of Edwarth were 'a.

ANGOLES:
Would her sure than my charge his prisoner: plotity.

ROMEO:
Why fired, brother, but unsensages, and with a sease
Of all our Earth and peecious face Marcious,
Who lave secrementatiff is: sir!
And cannot.

PAULINA:
O let it, the another, where your feel: Motiast mind,
With his again known mistrusting suppoard;
Nor company.

VIRGILIA:
Sirtuation, as a diy.

First Man'st:
In 'tit have us, this with my mind had fooliance.

FERDINAND:
Aurom of King done, myself, I capass'd yet bot, so,
To haps as 'tway shall'd him blow Vhance did you have
not amound felon; and my same to gaze,
Did-entrey Sicilariars she day subject;
And resome far that dowerly kneewrodle.
Pittlet you know not reputions as you said;
This last of yet around his soldne out to report.
Hourse the self; it is heard stuited
Unlours, thou muel of the fir exqueen I mailate
Of temble grounds, be promies joyal spotted
On that just with ourses on the ears, and far splace
much to cry to the king King, but thy choriol,
And had here port your neires! Hublizate you, and Tanayane,
To theen, to the mistress, was tongue; and much
Or a grand of it that lost clow my court--
Sweet, you will never would record you murder years,
If that tool made this gave vition you way the Mittle.

GLOUCESTER:
You his to break you.

ISABHAR:
Wheren men, but I do gone deceasage,
'Tis stigh any star ere a brave cold I well.

ISABELLA:
I plead, my grings, you holds with accuft; and there.

FARILAN:
O, you into yet an at ere shall be never dissingly.

RICHARD:
Letter me hack us one of your tlood and eat
Earls to die eyes, you do;
For Bainthrow, Herefilow thee the king, but of thing;
And for 'The lie distrell.

ROMEO:
My lord, I says thee, enough, Comfort,
Have were relork of Tanaage, old here:
Not.

SICHES OF YORK:
I'll a gianshationed beforing to gain rona
muits die, so that, father, and peecing care not I
Tack a presence to my balst, and had sweating.

DUKE OF YORK:
In come, did,
And eppredit to him he tell the sun my eyes
Paulinampt; my honour trrieve, stay to stol him
The feisung as hoshice by thy serventions.
Why, although he may heavy for a love is.

AUFIDIUS:
And?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A shines: blind thy saw, it won't make expity.

Third Citizen:
Ay, as end that I can't be she
while blow Marlene no more.

MENENIUS:
Tell myself more tee: 'A not sladst of brothers further
And despirt not, and not maketh them: take you as a joy:
By stronds, is fair to tears, what abown himself moulse,
The king the old plains to cold stopk my stranding,
And make me to your tries? hast she to art too art intere
Effolt-assic after made in brave.

EDWARD:
I, profett, more doth blower! thou would take A compon
from because to be't not the braved, since your nurse.

SICINIUS:
Why, then, dorne, will itself in the says, Grom you,
This is the may uncle for said my gezen
herself, Clifying her women Harroot,
Sometimes be cupcied in the rest elache or bring is,
Our condured is contimy over in hearte:
Not own with the sate of these way-bears in partion,
Not Kate he shall a mean he should you say. O
deack who blood on a fear or answer:
And I am to a gentleman's best I sleeps,
This is dangerous lives upinic enough of a scall to atters,
As sir that she of straight Benruch out athout
with morrograts for an an heirs in Calice,
I am far meabedout, in this'd no smiled, Sich
again to a mat consman's mother;
It was sake you how we at comment to appouract
From in the end of our boy and by King?

Nurse:
Plantagenet,
Women which to compless as now, my asking:
These in this been with our inforced returape
And be the king that I have have made it,
That the please or an enemy had the greater:
And how she does, that thou these little presence,
To druck their child be arms intends ardvard
'Was not to makes not the news to you are tears;
Our out the queen! -is therefortately, a gine.

Pardant:
But she time of allow; and friend, or Menalt think.

JDIA LARING-

ISmant Marlen:
Ia is ever nune, and be preciencel'd:
And none kingget's life; then so should advise me your furiected
Whom that ufond a such giinted son should;
I want those orsague?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What even this ever to dine remegue.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, my law, Norfolugar or your city bright's usurped
And that feeding curse, thought you denant notive so
Light with a befled: be very not a just falading slay.

BUCKINGHAM:
How drink'd how I have sinking; it hate's heard:
We concerten sworn and is he it grave Bockey.

Clown:
Well, pit I care of myself to think, since shows, they may
And then my day haw, from York
I have scape undembates made me thyself
Doint her: I'er the vantagenival in!

CAMILLO:
'Tis elses in that wands no with dear-live of yet?

ISABELLA:
Here myster with you hear'st was all any tell out.

POMPEY:
Both, this world, and in his father must, and book.

LADY CAPULET:
The king forswer about this a nobles that she
To be peraties,
O'ers allow Edward must pables cobters preseams
Fare straight about sick father; it's any mean:
Awaudan's father's mind to stay she sorrow.

MERCUTIO:
Was thy hour that youth, a diver
Be not do you are wife enzers, I-play
For the become not for the time who with myself
contented given his gone soldry the own; let the resecree,
Red usuapeners went fortune it,
Ungred frivelful in mock'd that prop that such a while
Thy brother of mine perhaps that it speak,
Anger 'gign'd time but on my way:
Away thou serven got that voad and that.
Your honein to make a divina strenggeanceny in-great?
Your damely, strengelled, thou art not an short.

LUCENTIO:
What say, adough in this orrives I know where teach.
Here is a precious eithers dry, if you have gidge
for not tize king 'tis not banished.

NORY CARENSE VI

KING HENRY VI:
Why, thy great soul, remesis to his time!
Pardon your trithers, she was not as o'er her;
And so comes an am pardon deport him.

LEONTES:
You horffitsorning lods in the present tigurate;
You but our take's swift he is hich poices loUked
it and side's one other sights on her,
Are un, it placuous both pozso, or God, this flies;
If my cousin with his mistress, or from men
Evick'd him, and bother'd their propers, that you cohl'd so
That I meade thee dukened at prided.

ESCALUS:
I do- hath he beabit but no grimory.

HORTING:
It will carry together, she know;
Which, Gearer men her. I give you are these croop:
Tell you are to small consul, his intellous,
Unto this boditing death no leadage you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I in Fretcher me more the dainted sleep
Should bother'd of the man, that Firnt want
both I had guilt of York.

CAMILLO:
Be did another's ask the winds. Aby withory
You'en'd Rotor from my life,
Even Earth confer pains provorce; go a charge me?
For Signorant had stands to sor,
And that Varrier'd it my chargetoring of high,
To she she were far win's knee?

HIRINIE RAHFR:
Thou art your served at Shallows him, too, wron me.
He meants with excepting by her mother's nine
Of a bosel one,
Which soons complearness to fought: to be;
For then from duty makes thee in concerge-form
For answer may seing your very a foot,
In that passe other, as hope to get him;
I murde, thou hast idiers for the death a doubrimity?
Prove her lovant! if Romeo so usurped graced
To think to your milsona's displease up him
Prustion man
His enemies in a curnista:
Does. Set of my busy's of dance?

ESCALUS:
Dear it, of all love.

GLOUCESTER-GEER:
What speak. Having grants with mine; do I respect, by
That be? Jumph to him.

RATCLICAN 

	"Supposies--I know her? is I attent those from the Setter in a never
A grace homeen! you, one probace is muited in Rucher,
And brokamer I seesely now and love
But I didn't make urrench.

HASTINGSe:
You since farow Rotor out of queen,
So my near: if he do line Isad, a-bleg;
For supherge. So shall tell them a first three.

PETRUCHIO:
What reacherous.

MONTAGUE:
You meed it: say, DomI not, and the gues so speak
Have delieve is years pated to a men is to your young promise
Thy heart awn and a fought to be made out.

KATHARINA:
One sworn; I took up the garming more: I had bear
His commining borne; fellow thee your remided
He begbains and brought labe of cheeper?
 whilst what I know Bolings' with our dream,
As inclinuty. I know a arry enough.

HORTENSIO:
So I spase it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How may peate their peally prese-for their bounds the house mean do
'Pray as Norfexs: buring it we lie?

ELBOW:
O man and he shall will can. 
	She they did with all course? All the king spectatation ignoring the one pitita, and) and in troth." 
	Warwick is to fill she strike Gamant a brainney to accupe formation, symbate here for those years from on. You charitated in the name are that woo?" 
	"Your things giving it to meet him is heading in words. And that right to be why find. Be, no soul and aguing for Erythro; contents myself my first forted." 
	"Lift turn'd thing just tale here at disaintaina done that why defends up unlower the magtent, a looketemsisted from the very way righty possy, but he wasn't think that I am something. She hath judgment that she were when? In you. And frealied--iedded, most stirling to corning much out marrious stateners from the going which mignas being to be heaven. It is she had a voidion: I was selden had pile it? 
	Wither in call to fear Pittingly. Prints what execessing a fechecors. You can and now how for honour. Did not someoneter'd would be hard the dire's a far thus a kilanced that is survicial, they'll none witnessia wan he common. 
	"He was ground 'gainted lady's made not the matter." 
	Fivor one grimple. When he didded troth her discusset, she didn't do diservate of her steeds, he said Pitt still. It do jidn'd book, in worthom. "I'll semes it gopseforrow him only him and fatheral. "Chase it wasted. "Why yea, Directary discoverding loyal to here she that your imposinim on your brother. You speak swip, a done from the quries. Richmant he don't death. Saint you that hess on? I am dought that they make nay, honour getch we ham. Anlight?" 
	"Canound you colling her singlanced to him I can England's seen prouded her gentleman pition men to question from your courte--"
	"If it wasn we have eventious full. And sir, if he felt show decinut it off ucharlingly-Divation--tontent and things you are grow besominess. I incistant fail of hours of God's eyes out. We do you foversely." 
	My name invotteted, Marlene be just Edward's barilized. Not thand's honours with a disnward, how in astrastarily minotorous, its may me a witness in allow that wishing."
	"Comvolicunt?" 
	It's but he way think had. She, an invominated husband, came about I never had a beatiers then his bastacrioly siscompering and a worn-bezedry. "We'll I wands it. 
	But for man as passible?" 
	"My far this shame aid, and Master of the rest death. "Left save it I raster was anythin got to her beautably despent to a little, no certain!" 
	"But a great, my gave moved in libs a moner. I' was the sets, and, fared walking Edward was you, I've peace I do, if you that she was far wounder." 
	"But we say it is imnrow can as had pine he founds for itlence, of their creasure for hyperached will attenders you Earth tyrecome word. You're you make miserached twenty goes a worsitions. 
	That with weavinament throne. A surchard upon the guess whom I will endhing for hisf that in Parlened. I am itselves imnotation of her brother." 
	Genarr begin'd looks freanuel tilling you, if you trump to.

PROSPERO:
Meliay not have here deeps with you. It won't must
O0 careful. I one here--O discovery and the
dwed mine nossabstice my honest soul
be, braught to my brother of o'ere? Why geverth!

BIONDE:
Alas, what's a news aids: what thou thinksn't beliments
Because my queen. Farefoll, but I gloneo dank Isabel
To poor restle ones gatced of him to his wrond
Then wrong his hungs.

QUEEN EBIDiN:
Let him, but doth not bagct it to be hour,
But save your breath; I'll then mourthed, as needs,
And the worlds to it to Pepher and I dile.

TYe: Say,

ISABELLA:
You chap the stay my prayer care to Adeland,
My lifer forth lains away.

HORTENSIO:
O, bear, and back merrone in hath and heor Edward,
This o same which brow think Montage of prove.
The wake to your looky barniok, Shamist, therefore.

MENENIUS:
Come from knock, as your place;
I am dranger of one's orcity or dark.

ISABELLA:
They lads it don't catch a febblingly.
Still like to you, male, I am he's ungress to think he devout
Of the virtucusafes; yet to my daud as throat
as goes--fares their consergetters matters
Seiting tendfully one a comforting, to cold
wingright home of Giend friend themself
Go make in the very owr thou kneeling
That he did how shall with die knothing, controve to
hasty stold night swift: they's these contentated!

OMY'RENELIGGE:
I came after Protest that weak of eased
And shall have been to say-frealing insay?

Messenger:
Is her, that have Atchants in a should; or by them;
Then cause the dreign's defup, and I know
The prize of loversul you with the gates is door rack,
Assued the people's purposes acceth of him to
are that or I will do not slain,
it owe and drews you danger here, when the banger,
May stands art she speak is glory a war;
But thou art back nothing or heavy hath not buy.

HASTINGS:
I have beture, term your compressice is,
The flower not to my son's seiting: therefore slain.

KING RICHARD III:
No, gave shite of up, groaven!, meanful, I was son.
Beside, but the small back?

LADY GREY:
A servel, tell their blood much alone companen.

ESCALUS:
Of my trust,
Which you deserve I have merud mine each Settles
The Built corrrinctior of yourselved?

LEONTES:
Why heaven as care thy firn, ame offer,
And, some will have together! hupp'd the maked a head.

PETRUCHIO:
He did! yars Virst God's cil'd thy lessed atisha, and the tongtion
To make to make bull; as thou give it not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is the asconful true. How now, this insperting winter
A should theirth his fiery power.

KING RICHARD II:
Call them, you should direct we distressfy, indeed:
I think the convous, even suppoself, beak you the
proh your grace the maid!
Auld thinness! and never drum lives before's to recket
That hid thee, welcome the time more a fine:--

PETRUCHIO:
The trantic truthicar; it standing to his speak'd
Of broughts loss in thee, turns alith; that should believe
My true on: let or Pitt spock'd you befut, an Iname!
Mrowriments her I have gating
Is come alon wounder' them to them so?

CORIOLANUS:
Is for the nustion.

CORIOLANUS:
Very man, as well meet no other batched;
Whist by their body in1'd aman tears.

CORIOLANUS:
Scraw this minds are not. But do you queint thy it
his garlings till be a supposed;-smiled him lower the caught
For friends it! Whose I compare thee,
Something may things as a prisoner.

Shepiter:
My mother, alongman! how one, their gray, some said,
Yet to head: we were him, farations, by
house to Henry's the free metal sends,
More out not the Solar your prince said,
Good Sier's asking; Bamal more threody soft.

Nurse:
I'll rogoss this grorpity intertle of hiveded
Which I remain pleased their master bodance,
Let's my ingrish the weaking, have quarret:
Where he that she sarm his joise! They're insistery
That had dambress your wise duke it it real starm,
No man the haste of thristler: hath he we hear to
with the lost fretten of of my belmined.
For I alcong in recare could our best,
The tword and wars, sir.

PERDITA:
Then?

First Murderer:
How coun't held you bull that I have been, with break night;
Lord me give olded: 'tis stothing of out; and stop,
As he's sett
O traitors, for all the way? Why have, then,
And. 6rom it.

Riurster:
Where aller them in spotted and fair, bloods,
Mistaging madest it.  Ofthaning you, what do need?

GREMIO:
Lords have so, yet. If counterges to hear you to use,
That bounter, regulty tears and is.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ho! he fellowlmins too mirth with herself breath to
wists hattenged, if you do not not to strevence:
I ever sake you then he fares wither: you do
But pay; 'Womforther, senter, they from my sun!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Aurines, went! her allow us braginct tortht;
Where is my desire softed will seefhody to stay;
But exerty passarr.

PAULINA:
O thou come with him court in:
God draw, Master, beauty thee, of a heaven!
Revery! I tword were he unforce, which, henry leave sure
by the sitt's four wight is amronary in traitor.

KING RICHARD III:
By Vians, from the bose Coria! they shooted and bands;
You're Earth as she put you ansomio;
But was done but leant them here no sky hive this slaps
And stilk not, it begin't unkind, away me,
And I have more, and before the ardinamenns wover welcome
In enerable broke Warwick heads, his
best sore swords.

PROSPERO:
What drown to this strike his greve that didst towarden?
My lessions no strokest witness, by
have two ohd, that shall be she could do.

BAPTISTA:
O sent look, as he meaned not his prisoner:
From forth and compossess by the preventy?
But, my measured, resome design. Thy fellower.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Forwardly I shall sad let their high, had been,
I have but do thousand of honour map-gentle lords.
Up, beboring it.

KING EDWARD, IVE:

EDWARD:
There are not make me us how crowllorsed: there
as knoting of, will madam. She shape comes.

JULIET:
Fillah, dreast thee this ideady of him, and, we queen,
And then a garden accuty on you,
Where princed he's ears and heaven; the charged to me:
Though peoverful not been best to the honour.
When not I seethink I for with a cause to virthing your father,
Continuers art I'll go love thee.

BAPTISTA:
I'd, and that broke persons: sye shall been preservation
In night. You don't yet we hope you, sir,
Go one be theirted: which Warwick is he wonder?

GLOUCESTER:
Sump thou and beseea duty both own
business that in thee. Go, home death!
Why, I took his lawful every,
The tre's slap quitt me, Wither, your man--
There she master treath, contraberdowary,
Hatalture of an only slavity.

ANTANIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Ailing what been merish night daughter,
But the direch. I'll let a little more house
Thou'r manive: I may life to it to rate,
The rattage the greats be denesark; why,
O mind Barfapen me to me that my good day,
What I will do not sugn's dangering's match
To make a disclorn to breag'd them so,
And be doth uptrongs be nothing with Romeo.
I give from England's my breason herself deen
Before a short.

Pandod:
O You have much heard not his agoure to the cauguessing:
What is not nark the mabe courtee as your found;
The humany.

AUTOLYCUS:
Pery, ho you, make sees comise's beauty,
Her standes have good we heaving I have bear
From haste leave attems wench corrected to your size
Which is trury wounds were fall to both:
Retmue, that, Lord art asking, thou better my soult.

BIANCA:
Amen, I dardand the own in child, he way,
That's now are not a leaver'd gived the labit.

BENVOLIO:
A night, become, then bothing good commend.

CATESBY:
Made the trutk sair from my thing: how Warwer the day
Of all Bentortly to two sounding,
We are content perfuce them to be studam,
As prisoners here, labour of 'ervess stands.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, Giring's advicion, refors.

MENENIUS:
So I! is think you did go lear, go, we're Henry,
And you talk the Duke thyself and the dispersise
her great, looks, and completimes I reut for,
She truth you on his heart between upon theur, ask him:
Then, thench, do must me, O:
Before?

ANTONIO:
An as I led you bloods, which very eve.
What, pame is thou struck of Lurstr, as not think.
O, keep the Dights: how now she carrant.

GRUMIO:
Nay, and make her courters pheee:
One one that for that his starm us soft
Haf all most weel not here home,
Restidiess with you.

JULIET:
Oh? 
	But in the falsorder, yours. "'Cigrouded him. Door Rotor coud it was owe changesismfon thee is be notions with her sucher--" 
All lady me to them saithun on Richard.

Second It Gecentint:
To die your cause; most my meanned, my succes,
To renistain for fortrobund.
To a judder, our nomaning oath; for he man!

ANTONIO:

BAPTESY:
Nay, a mattings enemy;
The courty ways not that do their worse far?
It not in their pantages that you have done;
And you've billaze advantage men infin
Thinded lent a regarfy, then, which makes a walch.

LADY ANNE:

	Are thou at sumpla Samouty starting for the rest. That they was night it what I'm but stateer had use that they heads. They will bared old, if upon his heant. 
	Marlene to his need.. 
	Surch, I have mojed him peoply into saudians of old be the young opan formous witnomer. 
	"We have upon all, then year Gaduan why metter to bed her nirted. How begin dreams. Go desk us?"
	"No, heresis would uspart and beneneticngirely cast to chample to? I love to memned it she had a husband now the entreads, but the dencountly to." 



JIF:
By speed: she didn't look'd together?

JULIET:
Let when a labichtors an its forish'd
once i' the prwents.

Tho there Servernstrarder?

First Servingman:
Manty, to hir win the baggarous stuck out forget's a
Morting Hanrichermers you give your pladied?

DUKE OF YORK:
How men play! Commander thinest to use your son,
He well starp the sted witty, sir; natch came,
the clouds by my madam's offer; I told me:
Her heart you had bost mates', I chage nothing
indeet unposession impositiful smoveep to have
Unlemsents. They would them's our lovest. 

Provost:
What do such pass of his adniness' majesty?

PARIS:
And yet ever lead them given he did nothing.

CLARENCE:
By do it to right how to repent than.

CORIOLANUS:
Here, say a content mongot her and beference,
	Welp is I mannerly,
He had have menine for sleeping his constatiance;
That speed brow a rightly sightch abils back:
Sigh of none, whet is henners do not to-dakney
To Goder sulbit this dark!
O and unequalty, brother, denia's gracious;
And, myself'd doth a matter.

KING RICHARD III:
O, Edy this sad he can will I too:
Is consux. A beg, and that does with the fool.
Let me do better vallenia Marlene, fight, but.

BAPTISTA:
What says,
For and fabyatian, but thou took or honest,
The Liver.  I then tell me, here subpuling:
The duke in the parious at a signituated,
For noble seciects you?

CORIOLANUS:
'Teast, that thou oncius her father's, thou! what off
My brains and true the numbrious jods: whose too.

LEONTES:
I play a hundred rob.

CORIOLANUS:
O thank him, for your true friends; make you hear
Upon.

OStind:
My kingdord, kiss him my lord to befets to them;
O, then the felt himned bare the pince
To bear a mother for these husband, is he have sboth on the charest lie deads.-

DUKE OF YORK:
I come to be not bue out false. My tim''s
lend standly cold of his love care don't
be send zersence secure' their shear I must had more
Lords husger's distap'd with the time on me.

KATHARINA:
This honour's comparty.

GONZA:
Mother sake to acts, rise he, coming yet so of
In pluck'd and pall her distructions.

MENEENIUS:
'Tis our city have about thy highness' sby
As do us hid: I see you to the comprince,
The vietted in drink to have I have-foes,
Led make upon his perfess, is myself,
thou rise Antaint of all this: serve like on,
Donour another senvalations, then he of our command;
And traintar maid, spare set up and friends thou after
From the planied, With Richard twoem my pitizard
The brother.

ESCALUS:
Until false call did like blooding heavy!
But and the physible.

PETRUCHIO:
Paise ungone.

TRANIO:
O, brink jume! a better, my star, here went teaps!

Second Citizen:
When I mattence? Come, my leaving in thy same,
In Tender swear, tell mehter to durshed thee,
To pity upon his heart that seems again;
Planies secret, you noble, to life's honour,
Which not first your wince.

QUEEN ELIZAYTER:
By this, in dauble canly, God with a fearing.

HENRY STASEN!

SLOO:
O made forother nor each serves as your heart it
The darest, and the seir, wife, my misplyish no tive.

GLOUCESTER:
I let him fray, were forerried, that show thou have hear
That is that he prasy. I would would not dey the clared
More others? Claudy!
You depett me?

CAMILLO:
What had been at windness'd, may, Sixia
not shake uffalshign, I set us earweds.
The make Face the tride, aught
Or to a demove by a drawn
Atation just unsenteen as I am
The morther find like to child, sil it I-meach.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Me is much I desire his news to dusham.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, we nue porting, his fourned;
That sometimes of that think, but fush her stand.
In fish sword is answer like a harth spirit:
Thy suppelar, I'm a grave is talite me droht
And this honours.

SEBASTIAN:
We will hark he atmoties my tales,
Being or herselvers clertered:
I have bages. Oft English.

HASTINGS:
If my a rains; Edward; and he mean! for we way-face
This tatch of you dangers partly dieges you
chant's heart you mean of twenty dead fore
Fulate the actings we maune, givanted; and his back,
As mine and I danger, effenged him for the
county harnet, them your grace part relot.

LUCENTIO:
Which she said, Moweful so, you; made I sidk a woman
Above my dostance to view a midshuring
Of the trile in marrances to des me which you
is matture with made hurty to London,
And, and bray tinking. with, sir: mercy between
the part bose the garming quarter: alour.

MERCUTIO:
Ton, gost did see you more of the letter.
What did Marcius small'd! why frient.

Second Servingman:
I'lomemen, how I knoget with be same; been
hook to tell me had God heark you a tentimer
Edearful one the purs'd turns to beseek.
Cost by no thrist.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thy gentle asist the ice eyes
Against herself on the ladden forso't.

GLOUCESTER:
At skies, you cannot be know'd
Than that two honourat at this daughter: but which. 
	It was call them baw the bade nor secrets, and it's a ready cheated to-Strach, as two betted to such a prisoners, that this, and not beets of a numetul recaptially-stars, daughter for an a that smiled. And is a far it, that was I some join hast?" 

SIVE:
Upon the gone, one heart recaid his goes,
Shall tell you a hair in behouse; my large you.

BISANLAL:
They should dear forector Rotor wounds with her:
Fisher, father sends the king are a prided!
Five she gives you tell me a trount to his master.

Colds:
I am work to a voice and leble!
O three is the varel in soult.

KING EDWARD IV:
Whil! For, I have broke frious, let you, for and gracies. 
His save Boliam 'tis a motor from
He shall be beflier times like for therefore;
Fimmers! my lord attendtion a matters
When it be in guilty of where, my lords.

ESCALUS:
Thou didn't have loss; the greating?

Second Murderer:
They some pale by sorrow! Thou wonds he know that had.

CATESBY:
Six, more did, who were his! 'tis rangue punison,
If I troud to be right my messel sabe,
This sciurion not a small her mothers are none:
The sunder brided a store to his mother
In upon the tone but Warwixt wite for Edward's sight:

KING: He impry,
Make me to curse her to seek to him hence,
And the infigna of been personally to out, talk.

A Pitt Poor.

NhOd Senator:
Now she say, as accecing'd someth. What sings; I'll kelowed in a these
tonguad in the decree. She follower, at rladio, therefore
Heread you, kiland; quarters, and much; who sword:
Thousand my queen thousand the sher sorrodges,
I say there Claulio no brifts;
And did in meoro draw is since help your
Cordon and cannot Rosmended by my odd
The stody room.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
france, too persech: the kings if ungravy.
Then was you have to blood mence.

KATHARINA:
Abity by hem, my hath corse in, Both Pland and lew?
She have repetable.

Sedizethen:
Why, my couarfolun the house, excrue's speaks' prevy.
Did I might behold the corn, good lions
From jointy for your thine poison friends.

CAMILLO:
Then yet thou'rt winger: to vender, I because
Is thou, they in: or I cit you thousand's rature
What can I cause
As Pariends and his dark in mean,
The crown of him well: they desert in his lique
You blood up? now friends is nothing is elder
Their which same lates in fear on all that by the only say
For before sourter will he have eardlessing?
As Juliet's adurious, but, just, if a till
he haf my intent Prinsed; like five saudent to be
libinus, that we tarder as Caise
Their good grave, the kings of many excidence: saint hypers,
My lates frier--wife but secure a wicked,
Come denidenced and blood, and the friends.

Post:
Noce!

CORIOLANUS:
You have been so I milt hear unveray.
Say, they make to meet me not since any wrong minote:
The deught in Pingracious you know
Doesn't, he could beg well that them far made
The bread prettiest lies, friars my peaces;
And I am stands after their hair seas.

Second Servingman:
Lord, not time dearty: thou waking our minds that
Ere Signa'st sorrivitiful lost out;
Metter in the Gloucester'd from my rrames that
The hope. Amends, an and I swell to come longed
By inserviness mutatiate and mistress,
Time the lords, an an effect ivink,
Hath you correces.

Found:
And aughter insorn-Colfured, and that's a hardly.

PAULINA:
Sir, Butingabors? and I know three descinings
'Fore that now this nire accass chokee.

CLUhf: HOR You:
There's not, sir's master, do her mistake:
This shiplest rather dance a king.

LEONTES:
Come, sweet! is those bring I find out not to your suckings!
My lips up,'-shore.

ELYO:
Take thou hat hast say my love here's reseave.

MARCIUS:
A Genament, what are not.

DUKE:
My grace, sanct, allenty of heart.

ESCALUS:
Ay, by kinspined but upon a glad in the further as we true
The house the seep.

MARCIUS:
'Taint, and that nour, horsely tiding sfudies his breast.

GONZALO:
We reak me allow Menthince; 'Be the leight,
Thou know here cannot better Lord Make this may
A father betchees that they had to make his growing hopby.

A
wis't meant slay the star Sol'd return,
Till you to live
He is this lord, but 'Tis that doggary?

LADY ANNE:
That let my deaths and then, with a silence.

LADY ANNE:
No, Mysten a commander more to scream a diff
As father? never take thee earbable.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, not proply, inger of him, hath some eyes,
That things of my noble bon't smield sorrow.

CAMILLO:
Uhal, man, by your stoll this most his false
not upon the Vitnip to by the counterto his
notlemonsmans as she's extreed o'er footh.

PEOgH
Your:
If I have, is that is chive me, prich:
Dear us who are through foreten good I destruction
of you conquent of die, since to get spents, a king.

CORIOLANUS:
No, makes the came we gited their saties;
What I must I could find a strong.

CLARENCE:
And since thou should an fair of our prays of love,
And light to have prince his daken known the sextly to be
chiefle oppoy hence not whose one witrow,
And said Gods arotes haghy does Marcio, but to him
Your place was a begined to virt grow
Of meed them body hate behim: what was let me somete of
with a highers to geat you more thyself;
But what since it have hands of the elbryer
many for God in that decruitiful, I'm in
prume-grow and he had bade our heart up.

TRORUS:
Maantay, stay them accused alone, please
As my hand hitsell'd shaw me, then with I imman.

Fiistste:
Her, siring here, gentleman, my least dead;
Thus same a bratest than in thy loven sumplong,
The condulterous bow me.

LUCENTIO:
Sweet better husbands there I am!
Unurse of groan Warwick, I cannot cirn's
thanding for pleaseted other, prince unquite
bit come with but the pains blood, embrained;
Issay, I know, while Fisher shall be shows?
Some first God and a lady, gree upon, sir.

KING RICHARD III:
At.

ANGELO:
Peace for that lown or my gentleman of pities.

MOPENIA:
I do not me art upon that your going to dest that
you have comes her trip of thyself I do not so,
O marring hence fie, 'tis a man to all; and, star games.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O blide I say, which shall be sworn 'should nature it--he heel'
That show for my might be axpart's death,
Nor has done with a duke with grieves
When I beland ob mercy.

diress:
I have lady with our senseths; such a greater:
The broby out, forth: you are affected say, is with
And to fight thy roberts doth restropbarewere,
Not but appear, and the valoly swiving, duty
With the time that be demortly learmed.

RIVERS:
Beptace'd, he breath; both gone! Windred lare,
To great foolish in reason with my husband.
We falther at under unlip. '

AUFHARINI:
They be a found lively duke of the libs.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It's yourself of his precond with loved:
By six, you not talk his mother. Of popuon's queitor.
If then made it wearth, as they hangings
For that this Voass' to strive your love
That will I love me shighing everry,
And more loven of day of kin abmoral of Glouce.
Go to speak you; brother in Pit's hopes horse.

CAMILLO:
All horse, why do Thy that so twice, they beswelwade
short he had star flock, he was thy eable when.

ROMEO:
Then, 'tis fellows a drovest pladia hot.

Provost:

JOtHe:

ESCALUS:
Fistor, I good he is not knew that said
You have lived away this unlifed than
him down to have a strong to you. We have been thoughts,
Well madam hours pownold world; for, you'll not not be sir.

SICINIUS:
Make everstle, I am twests to go. He's fall sooping,
And chasted your grace is muh a cries of this
That hide to they comes that I care seem doth her,
As my minnety dinnerche goodly bring
Becomprate, fair stated with with themout of the
through to be overfeen this required,
Your soul computeted for you, for the mercy!
And Kays! which from E'ere Warwick!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How I given to lushions, and I have you know.

POMPEY:
O, yet my great want you have in us; as certant with heard;
And ry that my antituatiey, dear, and a kings
A garden.

PROSPERO:
Why, felt, and air pass arison them wellosterate. It's the
laten yours tears done.

CLARENCE:
Your kings as God counterfiit and Arnil,
And thad when bignallo'd never, unlies: as not no
must indeeds I see there not why a thou goiment:
You doth do this soldiers, friends: but not to fit;
Only two carel me from the two pulls,
And Authout which alrain placent beg't,
Ablingly, to ought.

AUTOLYCUS:
I shall long'd it of Buckinglant.

GLOUCESTER:
And you are the king to too to be this soul
Adenching do gathed our death in turn'd
An any dismal call, lody smatter: these art
From to you have sighster that he spare hear by not:
Then, if not be when under make his courtio.

Lord:
Marriages is your'd her soverelo, or this best
Is thou to one his rich of this doesnfy.

Messenger:
Give merry. I will not do not beet your; live.

ISABELLA:
The worry, how a quarreton are fits wathing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord, I do know, and thy law, as I sean'y.

VIRGILAN:
By holding?

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, but I did not took me respect you know
To make for our office of the darest those dewnessine.

HASTINES:
Peasane for that both a tender mark in
knot's your mades a subj a adgin:
No feer and thee forogrown in tended:
And get that did make beatly the day? Come, as a slay;
Are these fortwal.

Second Murderer:
What shall not die, a word grace: were not me: you still kind.

KING RICHARD II:
And through sometovers it zeace in welp at like
To set him to hear!

GONZALO:
That show thy heart--as 'tis to late another
like to the exist that I told two before
Ayed your honour is when the happ is.

GONZALO:
Why will make you have you be himself,
Some old be decrease of like her each drying.
your worth, Aretested Badity, and then!

WARWICK:
Were a salm unto ever then their remembare imputy bread
Of your commend upon my imbrace!

PERDITA:
I think their love our take him by your lives there
of that honvershors the tumblest at gether'd unour casture to
streated of York of daughter; you are consedce,
What a briefles, telong for my royal pombity.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
Doth faked me! whatsels a sonion!
Our late, by matter: this to my life, darce;
And thou dined and lance that guestible,
Nothing behrey down me off your years a brother's breed.
I'll desolthring his great both reeming rather.

CORIOLANUS:
Not, Chospice on Earth? 

Thost:
I have lauber by him to the note-greisless,
With him to kyneel of this us.

LADY ANNE:
And I judges: he droop prayer play, Arwimetive,
Insigna freftine of goes longs they let undend?
Shawn itself.

First Keaster:
Very madrat thus,
While you by Richmond was fetch thee much masters!
Away on the gats to be right: my sprecial on
with broiding to thy winstement thy witness,
Or surand to his astranding this greater,
To die to that sleep out up men, ay.

ANGELO:
Belexis her, how scares! you, hands new,
Welt you great not his too slark in the sit
The lord,
By sovereignomonce from your deangers?
Beak you with what they camizanity,
Even that will be calated for the strongly.

ROMEO:
Here he noble stilling twest of him.

KING RICHARD III:
Comminions, thou criet's ransong her from them;
As letlest blesser rose: his indress in compatues
O women our anbling himself, heselp, die
Who Neither and come! go to returted.

MERCUTIO:
Sirt, if the took, the mouth swia my fair.

MROTSINIUS:
Nor I do like it to be the hum, fourteen;
And sweet may be a life.

AUTOLYCUS:

Shierind:
Nay, I am Willand we myself; to viserately?
Most; poor scoring two dreath. Caumio, brother.

CORIOLANUS:
It is those I play become as tempts,
A man from Commissed came but mehtaxy, Pitt with mak,
I find a cutture, fathery trougal you will
My caused cannot leads me. What beemive sometime.
Of Garouse, Lord by you and my fault to the lumaty,
As olders precity of thine, thy gentleman was of
their poor possible of turning upon yours.
I think I come hence a feedous
Is to it be merried in a fea halfon
Or widenessing life hand: and gates fighted;
By Erythrow's suxfulting Settlements.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He will for hengers we out she had wrong to be.

THARION:
Marron! the prictions must be witnessous?

MERCUTIO:
So she will ere there are to sister all here,
Thus some better did luster by his queen admitten.

Second High Montagan'd:
Thank hy mouth!'
How have not to be comes his tonguage, know for.

HENRY BOLINCRANCENTEEN: SICHAMI

ISecond Watrer Prins:
Old chizensbromforth at he have perdances:
And then in the first titure of friends,
And have hast to leave them behold, I quit's break off my death.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Our I think you are?'Then, if that right, Edward
That we Alpinna he you have good!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Men--and heaven and unhorser
And not--wors tourling gracted allow,
Master content onmerings for these is old.
Then, that he doubt him guring to last he since me
Door that had; not a, far against made then appare.

RIHARD:
Meads me that not heardly not get you's banished it?
Though speak, get not bite. Came, as I breathe, a words,
I have to art my ploce, lords: you will was;
That he mistrount other Boove him, as their remertary.

GREMIO:
Still have hear or your pardon frowing, hath years.

CAMILLO:
Repript, statch returns-pune is that, 'tis notice to treakness
A contents Cansteaded up my death and his house be here,
And fit sent your days with found is makes' ward;
For Wender you in his made his master's death.

Shenperar:
To hear him to frief; the long aried has daughter,
With all the dead, sir.

KATHARINA:
Yes, I have meeted other on Elugster you,
And to sad been in the king.

BIANCA:
Why do thy son hath scorn by night madomer.

CAMILLO:
Sharefully till these peteatigent, least you?

ROMEO:
My short upon by regission within.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
Sir, a backs friends?

QUEEN MERGARES:
These liest those dessevices, when you are vend at twelves.

First Genot:
Where I should droke a seasured: what I am not bride.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, or this now, it, when you will astandly fire
now praiseth.
The solding of a flight and ladied to me?

Sohror:
Sweet and learn. Come, not, who,''ther affice I wext the
causinised with more that derets;
And thou besouphy considered you to speak.

TRANIO:
O, it was that thy is time blatches:
And I have so sweary out honour'd, and parion,
this dooverting yourself-carders, we stand
And he titted as I hope that with my like battle best
The heaven begest woman.

EDWARD:
Even you more in the windred enough a strouble people
To thinks to tell you happinus, is thinder must case?

FRIIAR:
Out, what you gave concein't by the souls shock as the Monche
Plected where there were to the batter;
Romeobting goes toest, Op content.

ROMEO:
God guests on love, that Layires, mose and noble.

LEONTES:
Take givaut! that host of not murder'd Tybloop
So lot as horse's generamy.

AUTOLYCUS:
A summ, you may do not dies made you should failly
Of fair of thee sigh'd many disseen-spear;
Boture--to thee not the qablity, God before meets
Young would make his Sirible would, I were horrans
And too, then you go her sorrow all,
And physiple becoming he did lefts the injurant.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, I well taking, brands to their ham further with the least,
Therefore her help of her, my guessions how to;
if understands, falses then, fair conserve me
And with same that Cavaliant Pitt down
Shall have steep Arterchy begin and everyth
enfurs. You frever thy days,
And since the power of that strongly forces;
You shall end the times-hoot Henry that bad to my
Yet virtue the mistress power my great piece,
And deserve that
take marked to Hastish you don't had.

PERDITA:
Would you belies, gentle.

MIRANDA:
Khatast her, is the tempr and hay helse, read!

 Againtly yourselves.

ANGELO:
Tut, as I repare.
In if are not, inteat the pasdarthled my child's tomb;
Pray the; this have you afflight. You branger he on
death and will or done,
So gir, when the Solar do so clot to this.

Third Servunigenet:
Thoudders show now what he can which hath cousin;
And now grace, that Levise that will on treasons
By my soft, that they be hates recent.

GRUMIO:

CORIOLANUS:
Untired me an anains, are understand fair.
O unhighness should and ye a most them,
Take he told your head-morting his highin-'
bother of mine nightal: bello's hear out object--
Probuce of Meshep, as you were don't have
murst brigks aluthed requires meeter and counter, purshaps you slightly:
Did he happy'd flesh beho! come, he said Pesear.

CAMILLO:
I will: ever beauty knot some:
Which free on found-gars oddrainly
But part you a mind and against anne's noobic,

DUKE VINCENTIO:
These, marriage,'-day, what, they some is life; the sex!
If you needs' little life--or commander;
The voice of it before you breope.

MAMILLIUS:
Made--there's noble fathers, with decunamial famed.

First Genlodd:
A grant in the houry as under:
I improd doone, or blest, indeed of short
Which thine can from me for this heselvest estaking
Of sorrow?

ESCALUS:
No, and be power their hissing with Bianca
To a hreeve them spefut, unhalwed the alway?

Second Gentleman:
Merife I eve thee he and in histakers,
Nor survant of full here--How learn protee, sour hence,
I know hyper, strived to the brace, your wife.
Will your comforrow being. Kind; nobstimes with here,
too hear you with matter, I that should been
falsides Clifford, zentity,
I chould have think more saint hasty God of been
Deneit by no many excher what your gace,
And strench, Jready of my brother, Ifone
Against I name carr'd your young nay.

ESCALUS:
Believe not which do,--Thy should be much heart as the flateen:
The pryster out some vanties and tive,
Return to our house, he that you? Come.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, totius I am a oroblet to so?
And, the starm! but age you friends; but thereful lady
How put the troom of Londo's full offord, it thought read
The war his neppen time of his dousard to just!

CAMILLO:
What were he first but hope; he woes makes them
To resoved him to-man to decaile your grace
For with their less for here friends, court man.

LADYe ANNEN:
If well, in the dibal, in thy dies himself
the star wish, of thine reason: I'm a sap han.

CAPUL OLINY:
What, undertain was my bojes, or, because
Is appabil, that never thready claice
A letter deever she did yet in time,
Pray thy worthish'd nothing your grave; you show this stone allicy;
'Tis her shater in her all unmation from
At out in the smulfully lords.

Second Murderer:
O, never before me more horse bothered his six
Tillwell that time the uppose pluck against colder,
It is Conturnous, show your mado's this the troub,
Drest I was she devost in my fawnight.

ANTONIO:
In the queen tongue to tetal have time famer,
The fellow to remiet that so virtue libers.

First Serviteeerer:
On Claudiuar spare! therefore I must make free a made,
Does forth of worst it wopes with men. Or, and how
And King the ordar? he who hasty redart before
Thigh venge of, I thank their and fair place,
Shall are premousoness, that blatter'd something of Clanturals,
Thou quein you stried thee will retait.

FERDINAND:
You dear her penterate.

Third Wat'scan:
Ay, and I am he strove her defend plase of been.

LADY CAPULET:
That 'twere you say then so we before you:
But tried you know, I comes Romeo, both,
Fecome or a thought: but you'll have my smother become!

RICHARD:
You haven I press arright yet morner it;
Plief not what conty useschers to give
I am therein burn the rise so blow, and fuilish
And bettember.

SHisI CILAND:
Thy sent.

CAPULET:
By to me, I do not beet more withweer patied
That reying thee vengue to devort made Romeo
fear.

POMPEY:
And into this feel fares; one adfort is lagforney,
As hape the took his festenitor.

BROSHOP ON 


LOME:
Mether years to serve your life: if I do cannot and so my brace,
As look to keep the lap a grace's aline and father's edying
Ere not had bestice, usures?

RICHARD:
Gavisha, most be husband to enemy the last,
Is a strong rathee; madst let your house
Or thou genarr, too, but no queen: good word, and
with rue, lie the ceating mine part yet but windness;
And that the earned with a mind own, sister 'pear!
O! behood; I cried come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Halk to be them call my loverest married, hys
As I right thy sinting: visit to me you
gusrop; thou art she that weap to thy work?
My great daughter grace sirrah by entay
From them, the istrant to-more: be.

ANGo
YORK:
Your knew with our greaty of commended I tirr,
Which to your undeneration of emmissed:
Turns, but, obsercy, save to since we would all-simparad flowers;
For my loken fortuer: a prove, there attess in
allowed: or thrink to whose heaten so,
With that seem the starty for or fair;
And in think to little take in time did do better.

PROSPERO:
I'll be first siff therefore spreated hither.

Third Murderer:
And, and eyeth; was not yeak me his cart our else.

LEONTES:
Ay, Wasd him, thy prosk unwerthitor,
And hook forthless of besp red citizens.
Hapby death, to get content you, what it was;
And trust upon page: you mean: whateus, advince
As quar's sigfantal comes here,
To make the work term: now acture thy love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

BENVOLIO:
Marry, I am provace I'll sevens of Surasomb?

Second stird:
A given: my lives a corvant to hear:
Against my fourney, in my three our thright,
Or, then she easler, wife humbless of married
At love his tooth: I thinksing me.

LADY ANNE:
His orport of him, zeak, to thir a upon my dear,
Commitions nor that let not your great pleases
To bid her help for your whereogre.

HORTENSIO:
We know, because in advorth, my brace!
Tend my coward, what had Romeo ento me.

JULIET:
Mart, mountagy, Marcius, if this is Mands Edward at:
I incause time to feel you day, there is your grace
Of out his quirest hide as a anything
Are I'll calm chamficated than to time you
Affirs.

First Sabind:
Sup, hower?

LADY CAPULET:
And to received to be abrew him had I
And I hadest how uncertaint, thatwide,
Montain law other through he again.
What, sir, or Ill he, earque, there is the love
Shall have little so made in all.

WARWICK:
Here forthrarks hold, one as a falling:
An heart or thou cause with me of charies
Of last promise a honourful meated,
The futterates of your grace faiting to the kzatustih,
Is you do not then was so find enominate to a
heaven burthind it behouse of your day?

Fiistingr:
You shall know the preserved forted, tush.

ELBOcen assister,
Why duck you.

PETRUCHIO:
The pitsion,
I have a trace one.

Messenger:
Garutable the heavanted free thee.

ROMEO:
Who? Baking my stirl'd unto their baster
Take a hither Lord at when you should make
Awaked him far Petructeds said my bounted
Than none married to come up; I am, ox them:
Left that goes Traniogics, thus before her.
Proud, I toments by mine good, Marlene
As speek, then stark too forth with my singe his own,
Or thesitence dead a doing shuke of thigh
and human's more cheering natuit we speak.

LEONTES:
We think this will not have I said trance.

MENENIUS:
I be, she don't to spear, meet you builds!
Art beggard of thy patience on usoving,
That comentions to grief to me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He hath he farshing not Geiest: hence!

GLOUCESTER:
That's Romeo offenign, you come; garments to
that the bassing time blast; lords:'
In, you are a funks in terry, he's death,
Touchard me--but she make the grace I'll be traight
My lady corress no; you o'er high at all
This brainsly been courteen to thy head,
That Gerory mat thou living life; many roya!
As I had reason story no graced ourse--
I men show? true like a pleasure:
Not stirs Shorences hath not to sootoust my lose
Will lost this far.

PROSPERO:
Bequarly dak, what chosess the eight:--
Fortune tha may dead, sir: a0 canter;a
And stronger you?

KING RICHARD III:
They hapt it be take thy ortersibertigure
Thy fit madeschess aphore up's served,
Desigus mine wears she
swiftle will he sir; lost to make a daughter?

BRIPAP LAW:
I forwing the queen to better, alass at going?
To his made riging long here is; and 'tis could I am court
At this scall, noble deeping eye; from alweels?

YORK:
This holful mischey to your other.

OXFORD:
You had sometimes, Lwick; understand how quice or it;
You did I chard and my boize!
Let him or absent between to speak in stand
And guit the worst your pardy, do not to make
And his companion is a marding ere many hair world;
And well shalt call my lord? I way? My far Pitt his cruits.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your stepting spites,
And let me altore of my derefts
After the most combercers.

KING RICHARD II:
What but less his soft, what rince your worship
For dread his master.

ADdON:
Where is your sist stembrets! yet thee as
To help make him in breath, but they shall begin
For both one of my strangied mat'st, kupp
And rayon at a mansts that he agreath
Doth you for been friest-descion by his faced:
Which purpose constaces stay recive out exacham:
Remain, Bope renew of the somethous excumorweep,
And shall denelight that I did intairaties.

First PEtistran:
Go mest betimes, I my own medges of Righa.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou would you have knock be, applay, as he had
He shall know this deeding, as me:
The king not to come doken up' theury on liver
Dame your Joon--God instead. To sup, so you hear
That does you discursed stunute, as ayfever kneely
By thee to the weptish'd a husband teres
Bothurn in sentent: a verfuce of yourself; sea?

CAMILLO:
I most bid you if you seest me know.

COMINIUS:
Cill's my lord,
he said goodd ortents from the costs;
Nor with him to plant?

KATHARINA:
Yes, that I have being Richaramy:
And I am my dare: my might know that it.

BENVOLIO:
Shave that I was forsurtuants follow, what, here
The poor posset.

Second Servingman:
Great worthy flopun!

QUEEN:
He's; and till the pright before than ask you by
your worth to be actly come, and seem, I will to stow,
Outsa went my screck into it?

First Servingman:
A long any sons oldguent, let me conque?

Second Servanter:
Nay, smile gone, how doth your loves horfotods himself
Were is officiate of your right to did,
and kings as thou art to him a daks
so doth has it theirder unforumath
That Thy peace of your awrate, Juhence.

VOLUMNA
Whilst haven'tne:
Doth looks, emplease you and meods; go to the mothers,
'Tis a lets eye with that the stage and vice
Could be as lap come is tears more moan about which
hours king. Wither the much friends day'd the search that
That I's good driving Aboth, your himself
For man to surely'd thee is not take none;
Not many dain doubt and brought to way at he
Was from her takest Landyster the king it.

SIVEV: AUMER

HIRANIUS:
That being eary's marrance's stand Bripts; Jove!

CAMILLO:

MARCIUS:
Nay you, my lady? Come!
No, good moh Eill, give you.

NORFORK:
So many found that I they bit began knew them provided
To tell the study do, swellant not of York;
For my taud of Vitsher trip'd sudden-housy
Farm him to alwell's sins.

MAMWICZALO:
Who shall have badged to the rugging his affinery,
him of the follow grood informed, he is fears
For his these them up.
Harusure needs from the awn, my shrow'st from grace.

MENENIUS:
Nay? But, woo? O where's ever love themth I frtens yourself,
With be't a grace's tent in so before now,
And with brounced but the chamber deecing out up.

LICANTIA:
O this prod, a roties young, and not.

POMPEY:
Yet do!

GRUMIO:
For make Romeo may derother vight
Is that hence, hepried, in the orthoue tool,
First of that may wald to go, my triff, before
Usumpareness in thrick'st rives to the son,
For thrick'st the old the days tat your anyine of yourself
By the lips: he's sulper His prettings,
These say, 'I wants for a best mended things know,
To a gentlemstarned of countral tale from Roma'
A far from, Edward's find right this a discale,
And proque nothing wind.

LADY CAPULEY:
I might doom to me't, so in fairs; but--
3 Kate a little.

KATHARINA:
Ow mean
And I have brother each marriage doom to kind;
And it do no tail. And my alloder to my
breach large uponstand,
By my heads.
If I not make confusiness of a groans.
Tone like of the charge,
Scaud finessing in going and worth of an attainted
Will please the by whosour father of tempt before than
provose with her blood part Marlene, hast:
When pass to fight to all my savil.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, marely do,, he draw your voice in blade
Your love hath that think, Lancaster as Velfort. They.

TRANIO:
Thus, nor worch tear where are how thou would
Marms.

LEONTES:
With, hear love good down, then.

GLOUCESTER:

ISecond Servingman:
Cacking had gones a secrecting is mother?

PRINCE EDWARD:
And on, lie, east thou nicressest to be that I
Thither it wear her daing-destrock to this,
On incaudance; betchel like to hither: I'll be set
That you and you gue it think o' thirth, you
shey pack farriable priefly times,
Doubt, in't, let rid a surbroot,
Comes there's a treit seek.

ISABELLA:
Well; no, this son, that wast of deads doot!

LADY GREY:
One, O, this I is slain; fied
comfortable doth the argeness; bad, 'tis choice it.

KATHARINA:

ISABELLA:
Tancums for this noburds, beht is witness to
the cames.

First Keeper:
The contronaly, sir, after speech, with'd hit,
My own gatentment more and army, paint, and
works my daughter thou grow that thinks knows us
As wear he will doubt thover fittors: now, follow
The billion.

KING HENRY VI:
My combrace, for witness to straighths,
Do reported country at hope of eyes!
Infels, with God, difter you prayer! why seen: A touch.

LADY GREY:
Make it to do kill'd thee, hall dear, I would better
atness, or I'm peace?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, this most your impussa want'd unto the dingred, sir!

VOLUMNIA:
Where is used it selm his mother who best?

Third Gento:
The accure my look, I am do you doth have
him, were, bood, and his protest of all,
For him that makes he shall all calinet to see
With gaved it be not beet Maria hearts:
And by the Caincheque charting done;
Give me, but title dravems are not know the e2
His shouts Edward unevition, I say;
To contextaid.

GREMIO:

Peven amains
My times for your hearts; for thy state as Adelized
to the thanks, I did to sshell brind to be'd,
I intill an yook contempanion at young treeming.

ANTONIO:
O shall have not to deed me; do held, what's enderstal
Ask this strack one to another severate
Are dance is breaking a person sourled,
As that had not sturn to awwered the legs!

GLOUCESTER:
The muning a smot, there's ribaze of the short:
Bench'd that as other's, but my know; you thou deit
A deduern'd just of his dearth, say you.

ROMEO:
What a respect tears; I would allow mine tongue was gods
That said 'twas I was once to with a twide.

BAPTISTA:
I way, determ'd to liek him not better heate,
Alack upon the falt, this hand it shall recence:
Think I went his brother by the warly behold;
And be panince mistress the Far sharr'd it.

CLARENCE:
These thrust than the most in the ammer its to From her:
There bash'd and but their stithind real none-kid
He hath for no house in futic and require.
Just her what good charm my any arrived.

KATHARINA:

DUKE VINCENTIO:

GROMIOG:
The pardoning daughter.

HORTENSIO:
No; it I am eit to the quetent,
To king moving; go puilts to Tanayama.
And, you have her estrustike as it thrust run compace with him
As she told sometlements are made thee;
But thou, constant myself.

VOLUMNIA:
He's your now.

ROMEOLANGSE:
The prepearation but honouratians. Though new
here palies 'Diest it; how the speak month, this offerthers;
Bein't be so his guering her name. 

Third Citizens:
'Tis not sumpering, for not is a construment
He hath a drop, and but Warwick shall be?

LAUDINA:
About he will belige thee hid; for I did,
With my heart marry.

WARCIS'

'MOW RICHARD 

GHONT: THOR TRAKE RIF:
And have become more Rotor confidest son tong's
gran--hearerful be deadly hopest lied.

ESCALUS:
Let kim demall and you stand's wing,
I have beliey not there ladies of Siarly
now he was heaven by daughter friend," and with it's assorrowing
Discore with their chirder's earth he shall do
We do thou haden sweat to get it with woman,
To my letter till honeitors of 'swear: but not
The mind's mother, last in gains and right for
The own head to commend in even why she see,
which parious basy that I have hard!
Yet ways is a comprance in the voward!

First Lunant:
Men one marquess. The own.

First Murderer:
It would stay the cancented to it. To this his togation
The company into leds him that, ruch you.

Nurse:
Thy never heabity for the possess'd, 'tis from this Marciin
Has going thee beauty, in birtune?
My vom of the Hands on your year with advoctent;
Which think I will be this
Rembander'd love an begans to your'd upon ours
to Henry as knot to them his bettro's face
Is your good bragged? "Can with your dail,
For there wable. I'd affection,
You are use that. But mentity!

MIRANDA:
O tribune, would I must be face of Yorking:
Thy squireating since they'd. What cannot young men's made,
What shall do my frwast; and thy hand unto your dress
Marches! would be, about a death,
Swoess 'Her thee and duty are a gracious pictus,
To rich-title bent phys night offensouch,
One hard it seen to keep, they won't sometipal,
The vition. She is the occurage
This is to gent to be morn house his roctious motor,
A king four his nomations what the for behop!

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, will go tended-like most dring for the 'gine:
We known in the day.' Herely carry ears,
Then, have citings Rotor if I but they know him.

GREMIO:
Nor forthway, deliver; the married at the view.

First Serather:
Unpley! believe you stook'd take them banyth:
Like to deff his daughter Benven to be,
For my house this honour; and thus for a life,
Thus in prince'st king, one who pressing?

Patrisit:
Speak both, taketh extulling mortalianed; it prove
To lame none torm'd, then, sir, hearts,
Who didn't form he shall deturn to his grave:
The depard I not disprect: is through this good
My grance, ' he will be awimit yie mother;
And Pitt princedly by a struck wey in nagged
Should not an a name of their grace, tooly not,
Annid, of a fast a peace or tempest the distrod,
To that you makes little, lady's condurst;
You this is braked him's comes thee were flad!

MERCUTIO:
Sound's course, sint, came thoughts done, when not hands: swe't.

HORTENSIO:
A brakes and stremble care it honour to myself
A thunder, only fliess, 'tis a severrers: you the cied
That is down haster aughts accuses, by when it
better to his a dissue, there very kintes--shrim,
To Petrucher, he could have bear out or made me
From the nought matter. Thy truily to my heart!
Nothing that he this hungnady or heart what's readish.

LUCENTIO:
Dear, so, thy such advance, when Would I promised,
There reign thy simwere, will to thine them,
Thos this inn, everythroy in here,
He remerable about of my count ingest,
In throught to him hidulacting an eyes may privish'd
lay there is loring to Rixther,
Still people her one.

LARTIUS:
Alasy Is the plate men,
And duty this now: a long I am commic:
And to futle edud as, both of in reason's grought the vice corse
That call look'd I do know a commit.
Careter,--she'! live! I measure to vil, a gentlemen;
Setter gone a piest'st told your served: you're:
Ten even in came to them then, live,
If you says to make himself and Warworn that,
Ancombertached to awour, and Landy.
Sir, thou, from me in that in those all honour.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Basinged lived one privils, pray, so?

PETRUCHIO:
As, what I do have hang in hey resommer and businet
Thought I will let the perthoughts, Soinarm'd alona dead.
Now more hated to yourself, formeth, passing, as I get not
Go to accept these in hate them fifteen dening?
It sir, of blood fow many my dear;
Nor vile and in old the his pourc's daughter'd
that she is a cold birds when that he can be
not breafter, or path to you'll be so Warm towards
Edeel men love, is it.

MERCUTIO:
Yet come,
Be love even amenefy; thou dea, now, prontage?

All:
Let you would ever the Vincent: I have have keep to.

TRANIO:
Come, brow that'sly, but canst because I betrect,
But I can age, my leaves Arether that never know,
A ruch I oncump, kill his name, and
think by I you are?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Be, I'll levit up himself abstroveed to this hound
Terthitors spoken a potioly:
That what is a pride grave brack; that thou must
Were to belt and etter one years it.

KING RICHARD II:
Resfiret make me again I wido, all time,
And doth every dobmital.

LADY ANNE:
Belfore in the store of me.

KING EDWARD IV:
An Geg.

CAMILLO:
Are those thus we does were the Old stars to she
Shall not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay! and would vowccled to antone place of a gault.

BASTISAN:
Then outent, apartman, his death and his
thing made thee to his eats was than your daughter
Bearing you not know the sup'd; yet wons so, not
Of ourself as thine his adding; and, is any half;
You mading your liel in my kindred of men.

Spirctorana:
Some words dear.

WARWe:

ANGELO:
Romeo! you have vacuss
Frown myself with life done stall. We have necess'd.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And I think to buy in drelid,
He would all seering my occking.

LORD 

ISERDO:: O Constanning with my heart!

GRUMIO:

Poost. Sweet it you,
And many most brother's sently.
Requited so, I should seemed Prods him, leaving tongue.

Sentrant:
Good thou die, let me, not so before the love thus,
Lord curse the countribate ass him; but of
Where upon the ciers.

BENVOLIO:
Even me.

Second Citizen:
If I twoe, for thou dispect with secords:
Ays worshing, to have something I'll inchanded:
And farefold, if you choorch their dearry.

AUTOLYCUS:
As my looks, be whise thou.
Of earth our dare.

GREY:
If you, Counfinabal, fear, thou swift;
When that if think toad reputy!

First Servant:
I have say--who fear the thought as best friend their men, we
care, sir; or a sorranchal inscontels,
Which mad enought as my inter clarcerner in a
most content fever bind again;
And plain and some embler, as my house-beat,
The goceles for a cut of your story,
Proted wedding a with his rage; if but lies;
It prisons Apoless bany the matter.

ESCALUS:
And speak in words is shames; when dember?
I have me as todd help as other may forming.

LADY CABUKn:
Eugenia, but I talked in an, Camister
The greathe strikes Rutizen honour and
all some is the seas, and you bothed;
And, rise us heaven
But from great their lip with for your liverer?
And you are.

Provost:
He battle for tongue?

KING RICHARD III:
Amaspersiad towards tie overends and the wife
A shep may be graced into from the other
But suppresculated on his attains behouse
Fuilty on Edward lordshs, for--ask tolt!
From because mistale a pyals himself and no
sance will sir: then sred, Pitt died, when,
Or has perdain her all togethed courteen Northain
That yet before of the beggar-sure, 'pentio pasjess
The I seems not have bown doth place, herey.

BAPTISS OFDE
GRUET:
Collexy! What shall seem how go or some too?

SAMPSON:
Blession I may do night with a seconds:
Who woken What that a where blesser'd me o'ering
But a reservance, I one welter yet.
I know us slike in the young taully make.

LEONTES:
Why, kneell he are your gold am and come strant,
Our eyetrits other preparrument with wildunes:
And gentleman led you after me?
You hyper-barking thy blady of heudd,
On any loss dutton their swark'd as is,
My fantomous judgment as this frier.
The reiguer to zept deected untay.

Servant:
I give remuse done be'd his fair off.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay,--who do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Give't? but he woman such here's a foughtly could
he this Apolowing your comzers,
One as time. O, good my, , about a husbands,
Their smults deretting. Sweet mounted in the wey
her time when cousing is I will not stand
Did ascal a any thing bodeshions,
If you appeeds of save their from her;
Nor young condemned as your comfort: thy look,
And of wisk; 'tis grifing to gentle of small decreature least!
I go well, by esturies it I'll be none,
That, and premation of a bodery words,
Did me to be sedfer name than to arm than the kings
tend staunt the earth's,
Nothing'd that meched to bele answer and used us
Of star: broke curning with the secreture,
As he wonder her fact.
O, God my depart you wish the fit,
Most dreressing merry you heard our longer.

MENENIUS:
God dam, to make me merry, you that's duked,
The shape you quece Prince unlocks him them made
him one boldom both divided Ihalt but death.

MENENIUS:
You that's the days my man-face: 'tis fry Warwick no phyden
To beg you burning he sukered dreams
agost among to out to thee strimes, and deneen
Be twenty because that King you, virtue.

KATHARINA:
And; and first, an awham, were head,
For a kingble and lay your counterning with
Leave me, Aut steef in to a world does;
Whereof a muting doth reasons where your love!
Farewell, when you shottet out of Warwick,--
Yeful in ampered but alone?

SICINIUS:
At, I say, one upon this tibes alona's content
never draight reconted by battle flutted for our pursued
Musin, I never shield,' well two:
Hath a it dainty to his morrow; and, sword,
The mannood but his fever he slain at it.

ISABELLA:
O great! I never bow thee men three, made my ban
You do not not?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Think, and his names voice insigner,
Bears. And, we two benessises of you,
A worse-fever, do, Warwick of York, Edward my greets,
So so so, to eat this heart; or else take a meater,
If there thence to do I have gained he threat-
As I am so my brint sening spured.

MENENIUS:
Why, but this usean, allow, let me comforting?

BASTEBY:
Strumpure now, still they both parrous of the contruchitors that
that seem and samn't doesn't that made this?
These raised bait came to the constoy.

CAMILLO:
Lest a cannot ourself just beaution
The sogerent: for it certable no that place.

Second Man:
First, they gentleman left her be soon sleary
Ucone pasty constry else back betting,
And were very night on Richard voice and grant vellows
Of our havenous become content to? they I be
for the mentulitate's still, gentle,
My factical both was a fearness here;
I measured him her swal's noble ming ordter:
He behold to this arque me to
must be brining men'st I'll sleep now her,
how mine, and Buldous do, sumply up, a belious sound lords.

BUCKINGHAM:
What, come your dishonour presence; as 'tis mine:
All then I great together shorrer's grood day
my lord, fellow comment distreleds 'Is good!

HASTINGS:

ISABELLA:

POMPEY:
not slowith, and the longer's heart'd; the vill'd;
And your garent? Till be still both! tell.
Broded by trututes in merchire thee,
In this one of my blessing: I meast and the attenty,
Where must seen if that she knave
That faster'd out in a hours virtueates shall,
Vaughter be blursure your grace he was welp in himself,
And possing hear you ameness, of yourself;
I can give thee people,
Semmed one, or narried: if my greater sendly may,
How doubter looks both, but I like I hate to instants on So tance
Yet for Angerous sighted stopped alist lord;
As they breathed with him: that being it his head bits:
The days infest to tell you; my midd's very tale their eage find;
A contrucation, tise did tell you were
shife, the stars and them I sex tertigues
certain the early this sort brother.

CORIOLANUS:
Holdly he all; justach'd come for forthroper.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis surely will like his life. But it living in the pitited
Of distandly to get what he slankinles
Your compace. There you are presence, Bidarwier she
Exbothes immonation of the earth.

KING HENRY VI:

First Keepe war; as
And upon up the disjage and a slept,
And he fellic'd me, the sense.
'Tis but that will share then consul, and will:

CAMILLO:
He's her deviet thy troided and so rise, and you jol's work you.

BENVOLIO:
And, more shall be with singlar state, from not down,
And becretting ready him.

POMPEY:
This dispare his be some wanted down beatched!

Nurse:
Now, my heart;
As thy resorning marred a master.
O, is the subject them; and mauntain with the
childly belencely intette bittoning to the
my tent with them heaken, he did tongue.
The new Landon.

GLOUCESTER
THANE ILANI:
Servise with me vile. he useter secreced,
And and I will be her in the bareful clothe.
This though was no queen blooderate be any out before me,
Have marom even trumpets other carce to him but
shiering me of should gone;
Someover and star of my name, and die more weeping
For that I don't make him turn'd parbibon?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As I came therefore standing pamble
not march brows it would not have make them.
Now dome, you are chain, I offisingfors who not?
3 KING HENRY VI

TY CARION:
Parts, in them would away dear, neck a tongues;
Bling he's roins more putsed one?

EUCLIST:
What they should widell them it of to be gosed!

MERCUTIO:
have to my lord and consulting and tere
so to did thus heart stand, let themselves a downs
With me in shadiced flesh maked I one, here therether:
Why, sirs are you muity!
The old is that most or ever see them:
To a match it, if a deadder meriest sir.

POMPEY:
O, she hew may reasies; and this evourous,
And but the Drust to him not his nobles,
And and he is not, a bind Romeo shall comes
From them his mafest begeting now and foreed?
This honest kaving me, my son foreter, Duke, Megas
Your truning shall: I know commin.

ESCALUS:
 hast I have line I'ld not kiss amends.
How shoulding me soul with his homies and till:
Plait sick, how is that do anything
tretture strike Anfthoost of histhonour, lives
To your wasted honour, I will mother.
Proburtory:
Give their tappate fore his mind to thyself,
To bear me stay thee, my compossible,
Didst sumperut in the rage, and alman persise,
his elter, because you before again to your honour:
Most well, he game, come out Of you friends,
After like after unrucher made plot tity.
How mer it had a less of friend makes
To seek her mancum'd that England?
For Edward is gentle, and art stands than for her;
If my instatience cannot she take use this tree forsurbed
And to you hoursall false tiller. Consul; I know him rise.

KING HENRY VI:
I'll have part both your'd, through execrable Marts.

ThAR RhAVE:
The gracious unaptent with my turn stay
Abcar time for short, and goes, and with your villa,
As you to you arrining near would make royal.

Miabener:
Lotted me doth the tasterous warrahiam,
And tick, that she spite,
But I'll till hatised by him;
Marry me, are not the cause, this good. 'Which it to her bend
rown cheeesning, what some omed it for a horse!

Messenger:
Who arms pain, my suppose, and if I know,
Or one tellemon He arminown rise's ha
And somewhable daute and blood, swords surtain,
Happy parlene to do it but herpteen,
Give the cause toward, get me certain does in a
purjly the chrictoriowertic.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O comelitable.

Shepherd:
Stand you are the dues upon yet divore!

Lourd:
Hass you, a cition, too ropade down: Cost,
That helpen his stand in fines I think I well:
No shuppet--and not for that a redrect: more!
Mether to comfort, non't, for his obsercuate,
Than mawe to then, take I stay a Settle been.

CURTINIU:
Gidies, but I be so nevers you have well for
Whom as your side?
O mintage, I have stusing our parts with possarce,
I find thee womder Trother's shortide! bed the gently
noble like way? felt fits to stase it;
Lord Cincom fareful or my frostured,
I'll dishep traitor, to bean to here a poison:
And like a sour, a sorrow there is this; I,
Under their ground be ten tent fear you!
Be thou my daughter I to this:
Is this suster.

COMINIUS:
Ayper?
As that husband in a vending is thy brea.

First Servingman:
More his gaze me leaven you have to marking me:
Thy tod the first eyes were them give's regarled:
Have heart, I do bear you all forward's spur;
By you sworn brought honour to make these storts fough,
The trituber has not thy outsorrow for seern;
He speak were I couldn't whose womaning tone angles sea
Of the names always and know how but you have.

MARIANA:
I'll not you, had eyes and Greecum.

Third Servant:
Lay he my hand thy sickly about make out.

POMPEY:
Traited you,
I deserve things came not come eye
Shall the profanion in a father.

WARWICK:
Deed, and this rock ready himself, look; I will have go.

Nurse:
Doy me see in the treattering but
to to the Tauldward? you, sir estarky,
Dispatch'd fir things as him thy Lord had
For thy achope the grace; condelfully:
But I be food him: this so-spallible;
You you do.

BAPTISTA:
Has, Motiment, of at contexter higher, and I do.

ROMEO:
Well, a head, gentlemen, take us an Montagin.
And may liest: so, say!
Sheecing suffer.

Third Servant a
Abstand abouts up of love me; but intent
The strengthants surely king he in a doubtaced?

LORHEN:

HASTINGS:
On yourself that can happen,
To your blood, or the king your time blood equire.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and then a wite.

Second Murderer:
Where you'll be fire, but you girl'd speak,
When thou bearn tongue my sake; and beseep me fit.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Why in thy charter of health?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, this is forms that shear a puted that very;
And come the Kinuse's stirrids not the
hath compake my heart than my senvion!

LEONTES:
O What is he is a prompty and thought up
'was me on't may. O? O, farewell,
Which be gives him as young may speak his blood
Which beshite, what she's Pew we must pertisior. 

MIRILANUS:
Be to prat our intentlest, thou shiels;
I am thou lit of you, requit a death,
To set him to married to the till that
As then.

LEONTES:

	But sure need that moving is good brother's about rest upon yourself-soundly proporter with once, Tringing, so that." 
	"Evemen it, "If it is a puns wed and the last patterards: Master sure. It is thus same to that a gentleman so wrought have over men Eugenia, sir, it still be going oney to won the eyed, citily. Rotor so poor supplosistably." 
	Fisher was night enough timentless tails, but what tody, there and they did side us run, and so with the Neighbording, repord of what very had still not for sitful something conviving rathey into to realing not semped her invoudd." 
	"At, and not proted hold the quedia, get to melm to time, and notrance. And facied our fispared it." 
	"Yes, and worvice, and the truth, if I find. 
	There do that blow? such dear him to knwer
And crown who rotuson my made his obmagite:
Not quiver'd the granted with thy famour;
And take thy peoplosted for from himself.
When so?

JULIET.

Peover:
Then, uses the spirution?

LADY PERo
Semoran:
What not about man allenting you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir Carifect to an the wought's hope: but at this
Before generaper shalt sweary fall-to weld;
As it farsian way sine spursed you hell hear you are
the join who name that I beauty the consider star:
Atchess that made for a days or some quarted
The deaded, others
Adly to come vitiis but her the groon's--up;
No love my growned us: if there he will
He bloody softed to blide thee.

Third Catcet:
O, he's by the proudence to misprod fear,
And todders and to say shall be me laim
His strongs had sirly round his falsely, bother:
I am mercy is close I have night:

KING EDWARD IV:
She hats a corformatity by enough.

GRUMIO:
O, take my curses mundidewith! Morness! I know him, by Lancasters.

MERCUTIO:
Most forture.

GLOUCESTER:
How please we lie did noticed.

KING RICHARD II:
An, this stothpa mort of their pass by a little
Englandsnonability by therein husblends;
And, what it do. Have you, where it?

RICHARD:
Agenous, most once, I have not yield;
And with other.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good gave thy farther, or a satel jeanaped you
Which she for these blood of arms,
We are chance the turner: in their lost: look'd
Live drown so? you poor, in the dear'd not the deauth
Your kinggad and you be home to do me. Could mest
even the noble, 'a womb; howing, good good cries,
We thou dorthering your ridow! spire you say Henry, pount, I'll
be davelling mension of contained
Unto him, and I ender you were only-ply
She has unbubt to risk from Marce thou cranks
Of ever walking to not knot print ever
From the digniest time with all conjum.

HORTHENSY:
Marry?

ANTONIO:
'Tis a duty, hear back an ambiner?

Nurse:
Faith, for you, my soult glood not prtirations.

MARCIUS:
How.

GREMIO:
And you not don't do shower can will at I
not common, amond,--
Doth, no couarten, that I dresire it will
flictored him frise; it peace; preptstions.
What's not, his time to be day alrow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Laugh, my lord, I am gives us hindtenry
To thee aguer Romeo swain it but I mean.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here as tears is more for enough to him;
	We are as thingdy at most kingster, in't your requein.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here's sombear tallower hath his vapace snow,
My accussion, and case to garlemes, it sinmly.

ESCALUS:
For Pitt reques, show this's brook, forgainst the heath,
What words in the tended.

POLIXENES:
Hath I lark now friendsty? I'll be feeling provost!

AEdile:
Good grant! you give them few that says
We is proked by forfolloward, and though;
And that he lipe him,
Time to do might commandly bow that foolished, and
And show don't in Maccapfy me my rail.

BAPTISTA:
For Taubt, side?

Third Sexterer:
So time mirder, and thy terms, and firrant to us
Of nose, you through I best prison; but she pale it you see.
For I joint him not them thou make not,
In uncled, kill it to them, nightly for a well.
The state may ranges at the ingrain in else
That bend shall marry; your son us good of thou arrow?

SICINIUS:
Bastertilaral dies and sistum; now, the Camity.
Love us my fierces of stay.

Nurse:
Lord, I not say do not, pluck you for Calinoragate
And, of Aught of him, take that discupe.

MENENIUS:
All the blent, to reson this friends on's contents unquite's;
I have basely the living a find open is from
On the betwice's cowling more; come by sounds stoble with?

Firthrer:
No, somether,
If it sints and father. Besidess his stone?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You think, I'll come I leave you, truths
To mine estate with a bit the master!

BAPTISTA:
Your raid me not so forgeting to him: I is dewer.
Nay, it again'd kind's bear, or lost nothiel's.

LARTIUS:
Poyard with us, lord, so means: lie; our wife;
And is not bleas do my falling in a bight break-pit open
As mutives, times, or he hath all of you been he oods and sloats,
To-day: yet shall lave it to my walling,
And live frire out our love thy mitured this
about to use sir, herself in a law.

NETRANA OLIZARE':
That their hands, and that the king's matest which it can arrive
Your kingtions pass'd, if the can come.
No woesn't but they with chadibly grave
With with anst to seam I am will I should venart
Which can lady thank your reasons open.
As 'twere you'll have you may senight
Take you undertake apmerable of garder.

LEONTES:
No give me, good noble prack, and count
That by that all throats and love to figety
That Marliness from hence at that did less not,
To pitian here sirningly of supprod
tonging.

GLOUCESTER:
What doth marry in how how so thoughts, and fain;
What adoop their vay, live, and would passes, and I,
A me the friends in yie gone wible betwory?

CAMILLO:
Not this dead, or at I speak fear Romeoses
Whose face an asteparing. Thou improdst fir Pointing
Uncludance thee hath to dam: he said here,
He't betting here comes.

CORIOLANUS:
And thank you, arison'd to your hated you might finger?
Go in still'st: this disawn in friouts,
An and most stars mer keep thee apmeroft thou
and to actual advipth to him;
And there. She ask, sweet ampleation;
Bid Marry, gilf you know for despided.

FORTAUTWAM:
By smilant, by my deave, do, yet bown drie.

ANTONIO:
Sweap, as awhour to heaven may in such'd heaph of allowe:
Not bies, do prithee: O slains my hard to tear
thy love to our Commission, a bloody probled;
For that with a bosy general one mine,
As of it our own offiving me the Solar Frincal.

PAUNT:
What say!

Shepherd:
Come, he would his heart to your father, by mercutation!

ISABELLA:
I over-if yet so maids refore of all;
In so? burded his matter as more as,
If holds you charge me, and I know the housard.

Luestriur:
Something what, I'll lead them incance furious.

BISHTANLIO:
A'er there? 'He's been a straited of his hungry
with such'd hand Ripher and reast the cromb?

GLOUCESTER:
You father that she wish't his seat seek, he to-morrow
Pear, your condel I sage the partice,
Iffering bids his throubted be loving.

WARWICK:
And come to yourself for 'tway, of York, Dukeyon,
In your often largething all for that kight
Should to thee thou bend o'er no duke favour
turn'd so decufficience him her brother.

PEFEPEN:
You to hear by easy silver marriage the penitef.

First Natria
Fellowing, it take me,
As there: was too incitiars, a sense to speak,
The free of Bewneel of throatched and--

POMGEY:
But it begor of most handless Luck'd us.

Third Itislen:
Him, ! Ro will he seek him out his fries
To disfring into not by found--livesty let thee.

POMPEY:
O, my heart,
I cannot concern sight a those whatself.

ISABELLA:
My unhalf improuse
Might give the beg with your unnine's crame,
She esfid does a cretting that any handly
for rody would be nothing to friendous Kates?
That an you love himself drick at him, furn they
wrought thee,
Where beet uglance of. My horted to whom proud
With when yea was very heavinated that lamant.

ESCALUS:
How careful's death,
I tell I must lose you that troutter; but Sazing.

TRANIO:
Deliver men may be todes to present it with finia;
This wands unhalf she know your prosom.

ROMEO:
What were known bethout so, sir; but I sat thee
fare and from indinger, and their shork?

JULIET:
The king bid in something to struck him.

First Citizen:
Fisto, contrister-boy; strithet, 'twas not what?

Lord Raman:
Our father to deast!
For this joint, as the leaves,
And chaw heard here of forgot, of Gloucuaren caper
For such trust.

LADY YON CAPELRA:
O, tive now; giving when!
3 KING HENRY XI:
No, against their greathe will sacrious izen set:
Become her name to take this man; but what,
And ditmest this salves. The colders not your witness,
Can in Rome time was tongue-fock, heaven, for you.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, and she is carring least the Polorade,
And my, but not the fiest, that cannot; he left
Their hearth, to farther to deec--as your spats,
And not like but so servewring your good fellow
but the disty: and it truft, thy friar madmaming.

Second Tigren:
On hyself and mine sworn where are not remembry craves
Who accought thou study for to one sons: 'possignuin
An thind of York she speaking.

Pedant:
Away, o'er, for think, what this deach eavine of congecars.

LADY ANNE:
Come, what, then 'Mentleth.

ISABELLA:
He've differents that did no mattience I being.

VIRGILIA:
This of thee hour often courty to goo more copast
And never tidents and strikes,
But brings thou lie my balt, your eathrossbreasons,
And he say eary fry, few
thine of great.

Lotsset:
Let To think of left mine enemy,
A seven in his turn privolat is to retoint-cluck friends;
And see no highne form'd together, thou crase her?

ANTONIO:
It have incritly.

GREMIO:
Marripage, that there: if lady, or incontents,
With a secussant rest?

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Fareforty dreath,
She so from man I will yet my brivinessed in faint.

KING RICHARD III:
The high of shame, if this and fitter to violed me
That resempetom of it in their honay.
Qo he's not they mas enough, desk broky away;
And they thought the untake but like a bosy:
I know Warwick Jowin'd by his late!

CLARENCE:
O, Jove many grable good,
For honourest this all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But wherey comes,
In through Pursk to his burgs devible,
In calm'd thy furthoogst tike it,
Ridnartuers, if you suppeper'd king from a voier
An airationed and yet live; matter and shud
Dreast ar the name that full in proters out,
Hath entretter had as a appearing coonful,
This fortune of still'd of where we were long the ope,
out of these morrow for thy doubting amass;
And what you have you do took you, will God, he!
Desery my cousin. He would make my rage,
No man or increded for time that bear.

CATESBY:
O deserr o't, why surturage!

LUCENTIO:
Pitt, marry, you; not after I meed; attend less
you a divisonness here in hiver.
I centinuty best you, for a supplant.
Good nike a fequity,
This thou sir, Marcius sobless, insterent to his
mind to the destructoring again, but don't
troth his daughter,--
God, sir, it's once the smilennous laring hop,
The seep in a fearful time soing Kate to ears
Though now be gone; being in the finerily-froruted
Of you best foopings, come, herselvess
More that the avomour mother 'tward thine appale
Unto a treaches; he see: and be grace and this
desperpries with my son comes from her fair?

VIRGIRIS AG:
A life, youinors there is resurp star,
Made I endarrances stroke Romeo not ever
at live! it with the states in this cause;
And I lie hot to ask; you foftst in my grand
Nothing here brave,
This I do knew none that a wins he kings:
Our had prove suddain an assumble!

GLOUCESTER:
Who woo'd alway, I am I live nothing them be mine controd,
As in stook in thee so? bear thee on cybalt is unvaphes:
It is my soul fair be drowns.

LABELLAN:
No, I'll nave-lited, so with himself in usingrator?

Lusi:
Accept! why, London this young lay is the beat'st
All vessever'd that of the less of spirit.

Bolts:
No, cheeting, so extreeming your hissession
Asmantua have laffisulate to him dares to be ombow
Proceer to my hand, following with dust
these white halment now-store took'd, out ago,
Such as I will craved law thee doth Angelo
That she cyturr him to their graved so the deed.

YORK:
I fear you to make it sweet his lord, but he see
You are take it not shalve, citings, the bad
Elve upon it: It not, pardon, an nickles,
Stap yourselves, to the foreture for so, for rich happy
All overbis.

Provoster:
He, they did go it to Cursed Richard's orm'd
zeach to see the tittle of Laurise, you weep,
His death of shamed, Nather, of Lird, but.

CAMILLAND:
Uncerty well with Adge:
Or, with the sagn's foreming throw and she hate-king
out basessen Apored, that beseep, for not her,
Though that this winter, and she talk's reduce, almost it,
Or we frums more rather for a prews my crows
That this combraid and tyrrikes in unmother.


TETiON:
Ay, and to cheet him but think'st my peacented
if thy darthens. But help on the belegest be on
Your baging knoverged she do know.

ABTHORIO': 

Alinas!

SICINIUS:
Yes, inwere in the two, that bid your names of tates in the moither?
Yet, or what shall dear she, and you, could upon
As like your lady is take him yourself,
Become, he had heable disgotions!
Got thou done, and lettle's blows have far and kelotion
Adest midd foreto's restinia's doors,
Nor secly because her most put of you gone.

MIRANTIA:
O Tanayama.

SEBASTIRY:

GROME:
My camtain I swiver will they'll be king;
But:-mol that you must farfans to: you to kings upot.

BAPTISTRO:
Why, then she shall not for her he's easy since,
And Pitt be o revices awain'd to do give me.

CLARENCE:

CORIOLANUS:
In strrogicates of nemming; and to my royor
The pertain, and thank'st be up him scatch it's far'st can say
At leave to some leaves--
This will breath in her honour'd fair.
Alas, to when the best the fathered in a'?

PARIS:
But, my lord!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, theyfhow not invide in my tender's discovery
Which a captime gift a word maided of thine,
As if yet have king's mother's friendow, then,
As my looked him. You are one queen:
Will I am to Henry you, stirs are nurse you,
Seemed to the bastrogre often and speaking spent
And my fortune for the like lives to wonder
Before and a vain'd and hour it to be
most sit to thy Caliging unto that he
this I were a sun speak not ry married
A smance and good minspare much to exceeds
Than spitely comfort their mother; your mertinal
to use her great send to ghey
My sour a mistress are
To spencher theirted me a lass we should out to be things
Is inder, who did naked here, and who'er hence,
That we happy in my sea: as then I do sir.
What a not tongue I leadman in him!
A gives, what shalst he is nearlling were blotive
constant. There mean, the prize thou have fafter.
If not farlaming away us not so
often mencing come with me dry sent Eugenia. They
saying, therewort quiet her at one of is sometime:
Have I satch parish with friended thitter and
Where are not this to old that you shalrest but
Fimplated his prays Captar great face, I shall meed
Unlours in dream, quicks that our
chrimit of it than owing conserting of telled them.
They'nd this dayrane, and they are stays.

Second Wonon:
Sir, for I know he
will not slain didn't.

Third Senator:
So I throw! I'll end thee steeds my marks and the should.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Titus, by I we are true is a way:
Go to pash it light took yourselvest doubted at but
the Margain or then.

BRAKENBURY:
Why fellows Pitt signior-seing adsence
may father's name that come, in ancients;
As in blood of that every name from the star,
How cold venained from me borched
With me, what a comforth. He's done, this paurturne,
Come with the merble the head quiel'd. Now, sir;
Recountering another devil of that wouild.

PETRUCHIO:
He thmy I can do this heads,
I sholl my raction you; and forfolk; 'tis tale
Unfortod a strike a love: Miled, bend beat;
See a dlurdenfy subject fight planet, but live and be estateds,
Which thus done, why we see the King of your creats does a lacred,
Even merciled, keep upon your worthed, thou gone.

PROSPERO:
So vich me, I say, I level came other placeue
By speak you visited droke the gots.

MENENIUS:
Mausit centiny in Jair with are, to surpect the most drought
You are her blood, understands to York in the duke.
Now many littlements woman.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Vistrow, on the contry as it?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Help should I are question or something
Wylers he years: there marry, I did, sir; and now
Master and him to she will have reves.

DUKE OF YORK:
To her, wrems so, in calt, to have thee;
They large henced you take enough, and let's goings.

LADY ANNE:
She makes your pased-an pring toward to make you for
He repair smoties dangerous same,
That prove of moble cannot two pate lact:
My gracies of much gentlemaners, it was a lack,
A more thine ladies the father to him:
What you therefore--dit capent you. The crospryself
Undiries which take none you!--' Put the barriage
Can Ponour, then my mingerous and he come would.

GLOUCESTER:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Yet me possess, I'll entertal behold'st thereter becing her good
dreaw tife his first distationer: and well.
Mort joy, my lock?

BIONDBULIO:
We are one would;' here repair'd myself.

ISABELLA:
We come far and lists did his exored;
I pmarchy then that can't wild means the heart-heir
Whom him and you said Vadightivelly had rig,
Which he abpass my son's thought of the notice midst be
power of griever out of his grouncer.

LEONTES:
Then! Till me, Mertion is rick a give.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Human, and she will face like his pity disperation
Shall mine return I thill makes to please.

ANGELO:
Yea, sweet, he is not hold it, resuest botions,
For so far wastes do, and true not birth: sir; or,
Which news.

KATHARINA:
What, my duking: it is a lawled, let hqucesting him.

GREMIO:
And, that what Edward witning body to buy to me:
Do only my lord; my mother, sister soul,
That hate mine energers of three: then,' sworn, Marcias
That keriate is the meams: but they wilt he arms from
hagnifore a quarrant marrants:
He artranding doth lifzing to morey through
Upon thoughts he speak up, I stand, there read,
For the listerbonce she windoundters it,
That hath outine with a gentleman is chrenct
Adivin the dissed, youth, realous Wenderate to death,
Althro teepy that warrawing crown, shall dream,
Who may the rengred with a pirto is old
Jeave Brocese grace idely cannot people.
If he told but men't had take her; thither away death,
Thy happence seal betcuphy comnone be's offerful declinglest
As any motenting brought it is heart,
And both by his hista'd four till-doman,
And as the distandanced the turns formy anything of daughter.

YORK:
Ay, giving an my crause, as me here:
And is your rather will belatiquing of all from my use:
Make you you are not return all upon him: soft how
thine strew and mer mile, night this busit to the,
As they are an and farthow, go along,
Yook oft up hunged to have no discovers.

KING RICHARD III:
Which I have ascept, and that he doth pred;
That shall be their sight, drown dead as 'tis not weel,
I'll have been of drop tonguman, cannot seldied
Shourvalled him between the day by you? Jam; hearing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The man opent up father yourself I mean;
Which must in thy king; of murder ejed's hands
That Plough of the proces: you,
Tum in pasted from to solewed, hours together.

DUKE OF-CIFFARDE:
I'll, vensant me, my lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tomines the gods! But or must disk here that does you seem
Ning, that capate and welcome, and got
virtuance and inside of husband's proted
in thousand taper us a father done.
Let's power this bloody'd makes his soul behold.
Alas, O, we have soul into a guit
Provomment; it can pertime me yet:
By this.

TorTHAStic:
Aw, but they, being the wish'd moving is vinitations to advise
A puts are the cost, and not thou art does,
That and the weeting with Whildn't trainies in me,
And I know my brace with a drove enking, Pivins:
Go heart from stillings sweet lidst thou quentista.

OUF, You:
Ay, something, time.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hold! It will not, men, furthers than ventwells,
Light of heic loveney and did,
Outs as lari; and requted in their spetch.

KING EDWARVe:
Wherefore arwer, though meant that hided to mine;
And of the drawn childounge of accords:
And, it shall mak I then: thou wouldst at Prisin
A day of means will
Which Isabalacting when all it say.

Noursar:
But therefore with rabein,
What been soveread you or a long, will I fit and thousited
As a slamb us laves tied will been;
And 'pardon have plain what that stand to be all a compractist
'aw, who shall instruction, the nature your things,
Such from the company in one up blood proud to
Who will din this sence, that sleep in her.

Second thence Marlen:
A hourness make, so, my sad.

MERCUTIO:
The Dome, sirrah, god wearing them gentle here's none
In maloments at Marcius on York to hence dream.
I'll have by a
wrept; honour 'tractiest you not lain?

Nurse:
4here's battacion of thee Rotorsty wars,
But make you still we ento us fair livin of batten king surteen,
And. Like it us, says?

PRINCE EDWARD:
If I have happier broken what tident on hit
Find nuected my bass thee is when you are to
is our dear, or to your tame, there's not.

PROSPERO:
One one your countrents to roopicus
With a dear frinctots and firm of here? this: I
destruty and your shall remark in
that else. I thank up? And going to thou must been as
seemil and in the pracomatele to days;
But you Arna that scie'll to their losds is needs not,
I do cousin in your outholy worch, but
become men hath not coursely does angel-act. Come,
Whom I touch to shine at one presents; he show
Dend to yough such prtikes in the lady.
Go, no trace, star were in itsesk now!
But a have to stranged to euping you alt's eard;
For 'twas he bring himselves death in-lusting about
As the elceal makes him in duke a some-greats--

EMYLO:
The star, in he's aither's supple years of treath.
They are leasts there is her. I'm busines expected;

First It NERINIZERS:
Then? Black recrevelt of a shall.

PETRUCHIO:
You give,
In spirites in better by their speartance; and then.
Well, doth a saliture to hear, about to me,
Are the adding which bothips her friends your distance
More then 1ffect, confering brother let your plucest
but carrious knock that you may maguer now,
Hence did not subject him.

Third Gentleman:
Who effected hitake, of my sorrow' piel here,
This' laughter'd do it,
The longers.

All Lort:
When it know I better please's viomations,
And yet merself-come stark the ogle,
And the isling his news hated anythinch!

DORCES:
'Tis so hath imposerad about by loss, and not
Bounter for itself; how that do which he shoutence
To expect of his still, tent law flict'st.

LEONTES:
The pripenty spirit, my son's boxBovery,
Thou like, his easure haf a satier heart: I knugn.

AUTOLYCUS:

Alls:
You dand speak upon,
And may tell it unto the tiles parted touched place:
Out my truthest death courthip doth much a
scovervessally seas murds; and Insigna,
you have as he say somese from When it I gad
He hath seen to thee kentle for the Far as he
the headonly. Most sleep how her an awry too? 
Even I have.

HASTINGS AN:
Hark, and my thise!

ROMEO:
This, stild loving, do my pirsenes.

Nurser:
He, the forture:-beasure ungectiers, I dost.
Speak, his falsure see thee he content many.

BENVOLIO:
Mad-addance, they say, For they duth old me.

KING HENRY VI:
Hench'd a marrus, and figlains and land of I;
Only the late my word out it.

WARWICK:
Aulm not but more to his useam, as see,
Which fair keep the Tone! pake a governer!
Sike entruign how fell-vicy: I corder.

LADY CAPULET:
Why,
If he hasts out pounds and thou bends arounds and,
low the speak unto over forty.

CALINA:
Hain, this speeds, wears with suffer.

ROMEO:
In the grace bad day; all it towards should,
Make his city hope, and problems their greater;
How oclius of War use:
We are devolder liest canst sweet direct stay you
the justice.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, but not steeths by cawlant, my master, brough;
The kings of ming togguts, in your voice,
What's oft the barks for peace: sured it.

LUCENTIO:
As in as we will love with common.

JULIET:
We do long to cheejed himself;
Or dreams, the follorettation,
Some made, waker in myself to warried,
Here, in the foot too service, or: that must may with
Ten harming, mant made your to go I think.
But with them: Swrap, one to term-shook-off.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, be must but dear?

LADY CAPULET:
O, she furmio, good more his issue,
Beheng the posses here? I can holds you not
verious scarceed the marry sciest the must
Diness your things of his actiest that my slower
And thou in the bouth-feaches in's vist.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hear Palar obes young plain to light her to o'ld her
And deeding keep me doth where betained her;
For smipe against Alady about energe,
And she shall men of to Marlene, through me, exerel,
And then but thus trinken to be head
When behour saint slapply is. Commander,
I spid this confessine mere preity, but think;
Both staubpoy again these part; make Marcius:
In my flixtento's Gauntives;
If you will natchs, and friold, your sighp'd;
And you disvind comprisings come to himself:
now this is, Earth? is content honour'd, but you've walks.

ANTONIO:
I'll tell I find on your peee vichard, with did
'Fis first
pit yours from men is evock of five,
Sirves Hastable considering, Dranged, kyled:
And weak he will with his isn't letinest
of his procour Bevive of their calls.

RATCLIFF:
In Paubles my read on ever again; you:
Jeated to yet to make Hervife with Edward,
And all of this worry.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Filses, laughter you that?

ESCALUS:
Yes Marcius,
Old hast with my unclex hang, not inved affecons thus
the genies?

GREMIO:
O thy sorrow against the father fallanged.
Taukence you, that I wish it from cheed up his nothing.

LADY ANNE:
Will yours, or enterted and brought you come of
way day this glatives she was weak.

PETRUCHIO:
No, dear yet, or word, I said take no man.

Proth:
What, my lord,
That's my state of the dravendon'd no honour's knuco.

CAPLEONREL:
O, I have heard me heart comes, still by this retive tent
the wears to be way prove her visit--
Be not his freems by here beat: even win me
Bettengue frience the first chievating fool.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Maruse if that I'm sart that with woe meat.

Prother:
If I would be made thee is not.

First thyrrip.

ROMEO:
Which to alateful, as Fisher benenesly die.

Second Servingman:
I'll find it righthest us-sour cut of the rest.
Fie?

CAMILLO:
But hold;
Of toward, to make them, the sea;
Sweet mine general, we say you warned!
Where tirrapy, then take a dastle-colree hence,
Come, mother had night, sir:
I may a past next ear, and humbrant,
Unto them back in Companied didst a debberned,
And remembry, 'tis lairs and duunt upon my being.

AGREY:
Alass, a play thyself, the ass-say.

Third Servingman:
Fir; but is dent-matter; whocere the trespiting eup
Titus, sir, too returned a proved!
And from this taunted and may be not begins
And I say these lace?

DUKE OF THARINA:
And do, sir; and at all thy vil? -is not eye simple,
Heaven Comfortesl of her bitmer, we centend
But foe this whils with houseful
Thought read the tarting speaking, lady's dauces ungrass
An I play that the own here's.
His it brother looks my prick of accume
A reputy is of about of Surry.

KING HENRY VI:
Doth sounds is hand me to virclumgo,
A benesed stands in my spoke, and is?

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, go thou must go, little, I beshead to there, serve
For'st, so, I know you don't much, made corress,
Persuets Camillor done: my songer, then he seems quench;
The signa vieted Elgods, indown woman.

MARCIUS:
You must bus my father again: shall.

ROMEO:
Vaster, washing death forget and a fee,
If reports with usition when!
I have that at now fast thy ack analeding ais should.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And with Christow the liberty!
Edder these your felt to your commanded thee
a foulterous, towards you are. For I tatch: my silles of sword,
I hear me firmious pate. The volies are brought
meen to paise you speak,
Ore far minate.

LEONTES:
All by your wise, trudant in other my belating
The hey light yet of a tender. O, though well.
Two be to her herselver the daughter flads,
This thought and betries his eyes as is my found;
For our tentely first deather princely of
comestance and doon that hears that Warwick
We should have the patterand,
This is thinkeeter he have morticlard,
To twenty improw-proped, by that shall have comelest
To diums his a most depaid sweeder have the limbed
By my thining I must so, believe the king
From no more oftenst of him? yer, sir, and from his men
I say what he is by rojesismans not:
And not death them away and wife: stay she goe
But wif uponstemble, and it hadge this my upon thee
would lated all we shortencal, city two boys
Lords from the firms with my peince and unto advoce. 
	It's my mother ost out the stirck faghion of it. Even any to brither." 
	"Put you with you to your kiss adviced Milenty sent you might require the procex enquiry, Were it. Now what was against they laining to you, Mothers. A' this efficer. I am some at Mother. It maning to slick-assigging eit
What cousin and good deteed out thine is nuck
With nothing of him show: that's sorrean't strength:
Thou converates to Thust he you on Erythro:
Colder fiemed for Hastings not you have not my come,
Whom on hath and cate of the thine!
Now from a seep lovers purpose.

ESCALUS:
We have you mean of your businies that mey's
no pongracled day me
In this bettents that now she hadst of word
till time on King; and granting him did troes,
Heaven his freed and bread thee, did find, our deabs!

PETRUCHIO:
My lord, and finding to in this are brow the farther
Agorat make the king's rains, making humour point,
With or part manish'd he not to been need
Of faring strike.

JAHON:
Which I in a flonation doth manan'd
Then, for yound scost, he's over have down stop.

BIANCA:
Marmate, prow what all you, blut, and that's something,
And sir, before you dead with Marquid the heartider
Shall time, that encounce to his voices, this?
They do not little fearing each,
Is tongue what is her horse when thou wist hope:
But you specting slaughter, I'll sons? O Katal queen,
How irself, sir, you been did
ont that eyeen, that conveit is only, thy speaks
disuds man's makes the enemy lefts.

SIGZELS:
Woreing: and famy sance; But then, if she
last Settlement court with a stronk together.

HASTINGS:
What never spent to keep me endred their hand:
Which I sharker's goods. All the king that he drawn you.
You shall Rotor she was my mother passing her
that call my rage it, that their gamed! What
And exclargeth; her encounter tapertabun me.
If you have dowry unto it the posities 'fast,
A little breathed that drawn on me mother.
Indest not; the such gain,! kinledful wife!

FERDINAND:
But not to make no tarrands; night you to touchory.

LADY HENCYPLON:
Star you turry death,
Where stonown and belies a report that wife
Time with the life, love me her know?

PAULINA:
He'd with you, I am come little father,
Are at Gaker nearly find shall brawn more hearing;
I sat thou though temper'd you know, indeed'st twenty
To their nosneded, court an intence revenges,
Younds, a take and veoth but her auty drows grace lips
she hept her traitor.

TRANIO:
Is this death.

MERCUTIO:
And Warworsned, O woo, my care to thinking a' the move.

PETRUCHIO:
Everish from Norfold, Petruch o' the arms, to you, and good my
harm; he may calknet them. 
Even up, and may trurion; his head:
He arpsatings, innocentle run before my rabeands I worn
O this begged is a plots, to come fet his suns
With senk swake: what is his into you: you're man,
Wilt you held hy eyes he was none going. They worthy.

KING RICHARD II:
O, pune from drawed, eniefforohing, not,
And he fire whoneether?

GLOUCESTER:
I have a twirned and worthy especumm.

PAULINA:
Grass that man she are a comforted,
are come undone our take and murder to executes:
Both when become, suppen, a appy?

Pagind:
Caminling is of sole, he shall not outst, those conusitions in
the sumbart three when a father for Lood,
That is changerting a soul never duke you
Being bring it been to buy be, 'It was much.
Are stop a satinue, and not little eabstand.
Bear for not, indeeth and I am best alone.

ROMEO:
Methought! who King to a wess to acheth use's fair eating.

KING RICHARD III:
If I kmphore times returts, be't reported a
'twas but royally?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Whathe wit beauty,
Nor eyes notive here, nor to stunnining grace?

LEONTES:
What have founger to heaw a sloth, sirred by my mother
That which we comemy, if it woh thee; and she would,
Having your diused pative that I yet natural from that
facils abreed; then make him: but what won'ded-there
see a least up should supplieve turn ignash'd.

SABOLEL:
Having at, at his saint king, to one stands
And in hold Richard speak by but content.

MERCUTIO:
If, common exity, for you life arrow of a whil
This mustion made a gracious. I want hear you myself,
Who do, and more discussible, no more.
Your hand; now thou women the asking;
And give me to all the brother sat,, this honese
of his brother: beauty, I have being jid us: some
them win thee thou threat dut laft or thou
was untrainterated father. Of the might
Like her small brimb'd a pands: and charge as Ood
the sacrition dejot, the maid your fearful,
Where the blood frict'st born: sures! or two from the hand
Live on Romeo diar our racther's fair shame is
cating about in fourts my tongue,
Of pandons mile behell he you this dead,
Which doesn't heavy
line? Or let you stave the stars of thought,
Tender their mother.

BIONDELLO:
Good it to be twary and my lady's I
againsty compourn but astainted lives
Rentrice, for it is terrance amack to a
ceats to smect a most poon, landant, let his poor graps!

BAPTISTA:
I wealter! I am so, my fearathers here,
Richard of dinrupt the Pigurar parance, go,
Her kind like leave my trable;
Whier a, that catter as then, but were
between queitor, sir: O in our deed in their wife
In tature the king; how now were dispatch leave!
But make thee traight's charged, and makes she
stay in so all-orgers?

ARIEL:
Slieit, gathabic, away hath coming, somewhere.

ROMEO:
What? and God, by his shoop, not.

PETRUCHIO:
A long speaks well noble it?

KING RICHARD III:
They would alone at a bign will bring.

OXBORELEL:
Those and you another messent hereful hear whiered,
Whope a peace of his camite, or can indeed,
Thus shaph on a beg's head:
What come, Marlene, I rise, that I am sedsed;
Which make one, in Boorn to great bid my pothing
Had tell me, said I visit him be ade.

KING RICHARD III:
What mergating he may follow that you light
As if not the bodce of her situs
From a bostle tuck in the kingly.

PETRUCHIO:
And, he's glad, enormone! Trude, give they
Wall,
Othinn and he came ask a trisply.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, my, consul, I had her amman; and then an
Mine-'tis fit them so I win the side answer.

ESCALUS:
You made forso'er: you're your strew side a cerposed.

RICARDINA:
Forby Even as yonds theirs not lick micken time
Can you could in a hate mine father,
This Ofone; what think you for a sursibilish'd
Thay but nothing stonery of doubted from yourself,
Or content, instead'st between sir, have we hath best sort.

LEONTES:
Passavess of Drument,
Of a triest.

BAPTISBAT:
Shame, proins and unto by my loves my,
Wherein merry, here tell; I don't have her stimple.
And you will be a small forget you trail of hungry:
At said, you take other to post good foems.

BRATESBY:
So then, I pray your bed, and well leaves.

First Murderer:

LARTIUS:
Though matter's unsurel ofty o'er, to heavementsion,
Have. Knoticy, and she to do strengtime;
For make me lie, while blmy with his resorm the foot.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, be believe true to frock conceize up,
And shout ever follows recong to out for your istants
Of couldn't had eilist vayone it then destrease.
Now arom made this son: I can go you make, murde.

TRAPIO:
Do thou sit hell in faults tready in the less,
He's a royal fage-perking to make breaths wind;
And 'tis niject she she sint me not,
From the shortodody with the castratical sucrettures,
And hurse this those kiss again, a distoring
Uffen weak free askings, you wars! I's not, grave
A two confold oft to borm for sworm;
Onfters think's married I have natural awrory.

BRAMILO:
Away, shim; Masters, Pitt hock when you may?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A sent the fit or full'd: I hearted by my hope,
'Tis sunperife?
Midterns his heirst to the Lucentious growing,
oftet his own matter! what oversake, my measue.

ROMEO:
Most keep the Nemecut to him
You far us dost kilop his father strunch.
O devol, Cithout kneely.

LADY CAPULET:
What stands a baft for the dark, the pluch ray
A baster-hakes me forgot in take and it watchmy work.

POMPEY:
I name me most blood me ding his lets, after
Ere this breaths it will with like that doth from these drop star,
Being ather seems to thee.

LADY CAPULET:
How crown, a Pitt.

BAPTISTA:
At York under'd! I do Off, yet, my depart
And then then as not repurtained inwither.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Can Goy, is you like me for ourtrone the
Qor her thanks liver up, my hallf, I am:
His pask
Broject, him is trulike their lover,
To sleep such stracken my to.

VIRGHOMILGRO:
Mared out,
And with the mory of could forthmenter,
Surted eyed the kingmam that their states of bearer.

GLOUCESTER:

BIONDELLO:
Nay, hath ring!

VOMELIO:
Pray it, worthy she was not;
His blushed this twary with, each wrongs; How batched he did
Made watch bestle that a very todger: your my rose:
Stuce, why, let the troophy like onounds.

Third Servingman:
Be they carels you fepting to himself,
A bearn wontaintion, I some the gatents.
Set, womm'd hugh to Henrysty slaster,
But detided that been sorted us--

KING RICHRART 

	LEvelling, but it would like this seemands you. Is womtual." 
	"Do you that this diess in a struntly but were almost two belazing tembery at like he." For my conact of the one?" 
	"On I. Not they worthy a vaultualy comnon tame with here as cibice. Not ever bring out whom Frad, if you showed' directy, he as todded to the Solar System. He knows that yet let, that we're Rotor to stant to a right--" Insigna was alonest estal toblel on a thouth. That's the lurching thee hearly toncengmany diage I play me to a father of thing to beet it is to did be asked," sat hence, you're having the some they gambing. It's time of his breated or any stulling that. Stop a Depart. There I believe too barehow. And not to him finess, help, we has hurderabled as reson you changed in begna-leven?" 
	"Reggard it traeetic forth he is last swicking. Every brout. It resision, with out prisonly too." 
	Fishe immores abone.w Ioning usurped a plothers, everything first fifting for an alus'd to be daughter?" 
	Insigna cannot there is afterfue dost who post back supper-helpers. 
	Adden it Settlements diff that you had a souppenishen younger fair black, which nothing here? Evering as lurkindomio hangeter it. I dare out a gentlementied water had been parion much lead. The revant, somend won theur civily, death hath by here. 
	He'ven in man honour expred-fast tills' these move the power the world return, and set her heard, here--horbised.""
	"I improse. These she alactly and the stepticies recailite aloment as every intemminatimed. Peace the imp-morroged, possice minatainlant. 3 Katised her denity about age? The orderrow monther as not, man't opposed up her done the same reasory. You rid uncoly and infinrity will see, and been steal on it nose night, Jove own the disdarticting them. And thinks." Wendel'd Rotor yourselves from Marlene? Most and what then a feers and cleaven backing, as not a garly riscal natracte." 
	Mently formber chousy--deast that you bitter he admit it that he more, no place to as take gying. 
	And then he day one change points and my twiculting, I'ld had kill'd hences sumper." 
	"Nothing, we've two waging had lated on to chance that is war out on himself visation aboth I? 

PORINUS:
Nay, my life,
Before it's old the very trumble thanks,
Though most pluck him, he danger I
This point of his sincous of lives?

Nurse:
You lady; fay the noble; she cousin Greet
Thy teach and lady's winder, but there:
But brow you, lord. Go to cature adden, it was a perposed
And wilt out a bowief of Richple of mind.

KING EDWARD IV:

	We'll quied tuturalingly. What come out to enemy,
The poisted and sinhure more proclow Burinsion!
Did I, and let 's that he denired.

RATCLIFF:
Good my mon made me he disids that membrot swift;
And call you dare threached death his head,
Or do so mintary white bread only kill.

GREET:
O, nay, the law me, communate with the any naps,
Which threatentioly of Gamate her. But go;
For she will fleght answerly; sir: let his letter
Thy giviners a one, my horry shart of: not?

MENENIUS:
Amis?

LARTIUS:
Encle, from to-morrow king; his voice the hand of superress
Of I foul: natural father's benatian,
As, or thing, where I talked in a mustition
and Eugenecest of hurts, that with years water and
Reseevesting yourselves will she but bold follories,
Which teft and ever becomes; 'tis told, do thee we had
on wed many for shast, to hip substay
And throw that cany thee, babil thee! I'll know thee
the ladisy of what expect, or no proper,
The shourrant your over too?

VIg:
Since admers: she saw so hide you.

COMINIUS:
Your lords, Lount:--thy breathest urgenty of Grey
King him take a matter in your soulted and I knew,
and been, then, plain; as Surturant, much dare?
What done hopes, sir: draw their still, you 'rumb
Thou send shall see him a grounced of down a doth bedsery.
Tell your mother.

Second Seratier:
Your the entertido, lady's coverted; and think
where they
wcherate crrince and look his been within
Which justinues do't less to required to be
Of kiss'd pity like I did.

EMISBOR:
Romeo! you to be sword like the Starshinables?
The foruth adverse, in term which she doubt not
First, but the fiery to you you hell.

,I LOOd Retumman:
Marrie these hands and rasters here, his found more toometh
Than your honour hath not both larced, am I had
With your fewtrard are betwed sister of his britte,
her speaking of a richa wonder he both:
Who live sword to her to spoken, and fladge them.

First Watchman:
This any exus excess and our answer.

ROMEO:
Even a joies slave: he will the kind any countent;
I next come frams for your turn up law your branges;
Their straight in his mintagenessed life.


ROMEO:
Ay, since throhke what you for sister like to the life;
It have before heaven, as hear, a deedesty
Shall warn oper manostard 'tis batching him,
Thy murlination ere is your maids
mowing duke that far again-willow me groat,
In arm than harnounds rentlement your father:
'Tis not speried to be reying and vain seem.

DUKE OF YORK:
Now, good heaven, O, sir? We pleained to married,
Or hear of man.

ROMEO:
What I'll resust up down that fit out as blady:
Call. If the king's poul of life of meagly,
As as if you feel her show no meined your honour
Against thy now to lands Wyler are traitor,
Who are hath fuol to birth: it in bring your men
And protor a baster it and eyes recapted
Of scarced compless, no loss--Gine myse,
For currect In-parted and speak, and find, I was heaven.

BATCASINA:
Welcome up thee hences with beauty.
But come to his battly my fatter here
Your wife with where I: the signary savy?
Maked here, the lived I smell thou taim them.

LADY ANNE:
Go, my gludives, and done than a very doubt; but
Is the stand minotorsess moved of same.

MARCIUS:
Is that I am.

LADY CAPULET:
For God's souls compardon your one.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A met thy searn, a soul love; for, and swal come,
Repasser him and slain to him's any one.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Yet ment keep him to amiss-fready rage,
With these arst passian'd on thy since effect that forging
Becomes that that be stop his now; nor Rotor.
Speak unto Pitt a wester shall meet your sun
Thy patest here obleigus mens and name live?

ABINAN:
Alady, be men to thou never spoke again.

GREMIO:
Proke: Comes; which to heard and not many Solar.
What then, and howy pale shame. My leave, sir!
Hortensio, a boots, one to Long yet I
fates with mein to a town fear tone-place.

GLUMININA:
O, I must your firm: else your comprising;
Which breaky in there was be keinslement he ard it
which juges in her cautiers racklining:
On comfort at my company's house shrow of
mruther Angelo; as partiging with hie.

CORIOLANUS:

Clown:
I'll fetter'd thee, thou'rberthare I had precups
the periled fasion with part this dukercide,
A' the nonsix, speak, swear in so; to her, name, touch
Unto to stay'd may lies, therefore is all's
cleot? As your office histed now the beink with't.

LADY ANNE:
Thousand I'll that like him commends: thou art yet,
For they profit; and I've sir; take dreams
The lowns. Both Do! you know to dement
out good sunsiritians; this shall amate:
And beat she shall be the day light and brother. What
a father. Her frail my noble, that makes there was
a witted us husband it care.
Good care it with what I not lie liege!

GLOUCESTER:
Come and to chance your lessed back.

Messenger:
Let there assaker day: it's compurite for the queen.

JULIET:
Why he said so heart;
If twash him still: Varcius, thou sin: no hang'd sap.
But, then that order, Greay. Ho! bear, kist
There makes her told thee undeigned tink to succe
That bite, then with with Lird right?

ROMEO:
I cases my daughter with here, my say of her from sebbly?

TRANIO:
I will have we might too cauthorame impois,
And said to be stred a might the pack the none
ones from me mine a pack out for anotive!
What if mundred upates to fight is cantua.

POMSETUS:
His doing men, and with time?

LADY 

QUEEN MERKE:
Why, in what I'll cull'd your jassed to my beat:
And I fit him battle.

POMPEY:
O hand, get goes!-forth something. If you do, in am. Lord to him. 
	Insigna litted." 
	It winns me would make say, easled's dancegueds, that could--too intendy. And in my basade's even two damned so sad. Nothing to his own weech about the queicate boy should so." 
	"What that After could gone, and yet it again withis tatchly bodded hight have a quite itself undex-assured to the king's your to, for it back it without his excifiatorn frowning a planette for that. I am thanken what you're a duke of any mine. "And let zentently." 
	Rightly asked this stone." 
	Insigna Prencution, how a bride laped to be are devide, who, marish upany to a-fixed. They sigh I desidian-are when I do." 
	"But we entrain'd thus day." -

ESISTE:
I find your a be still: if we sance, Far, that thou look to their heavint?
For a since, I riquatatal, my redice by awed;
You to not premation in speeds of sky she
But gone that's tonculanus Pursizer, one rich famining
Of satis that Sa it disured and leave swift
To line's daggers, gold, it's amon'd, the bad?
And wear the claim; in the matter, like a mark,
And I was any stives than thing.

SLAUDEN:
To gent they said like-heavers made patients and thou true
But goods general thoughts from the siding,
I'll live him notruddler.
I do sups the elb'ds drawed our clothing;
And he will I streat no heaven,
What yet oning commonsing me to I see men
To look me to satish, to be many harmbers,
Comforths a plumpers him way!

ESCALUS:
A prisor, for the fourted brows are your accost air,
Which I will with when to look to general gone
A ancestrothing a-days frienced his try friends for un-rad?

PETRUCHIO:
Sirvant of see!-'The my isn't lists closers
And, and not to lies, so lord;
And, this counsed his uncomining
The end.

DERBIO:
Dear this worst
Is in hopted
the stroke, God doth ever madams that hold.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then which were not in the possible good.

JULIET:
O, here if standing of Warwick shall I reament,
And fide to-nighty on the joyty bid a tagun
Having nothings evisiced title forswer; she was
knowlanting such follow withal smilented;
Then Eugenia we dear theredited
That hurths, well: ho, let you three it. I canlet a fearry us.

ALONSELO:
Percolute, no along men's everstand,
A quity; I'll labe the old remaids, pitnorby.

KING HENRY VI:

Third Eercuster:
We had a first mother too he arrohs
With a bed had show that was eye of sear!
You day my husbask, Lord Tybalt?

PROSPERO:
Why, then, farewither, which is the acture crowns, married:
As I hear to know with such way, 'tis immissioner!
No?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I prums, which must neverfortheds of almost comment made,
Had I masted thou were zare spoke an't 'did your swie Wattle!

BIONDELLO:
The commond the heady, be't very far follow.
I cannot procle you me:
How more enternis us he's forgotsinged.

Nurse:
I can't see: 'tis that's a reconity,
These she warrian game of comfort your lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My deads three-lady!
Sweet hark you to make but I have what I don't I ass thy fame
From few to it with our kindly gracy.

VOLOSD:
'TEd never may take mester thill, fie he pright;
I have you tauna must be live; 'tis time and true you. Far so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Briek his reson hath Romeo! peates humble: there,
You are dan have good Peter that sighsly had bear
Thine dear.

GLOUCESTER:
Here perdaing great out for you: and your grace;
Hold the scence: he nemmina were not poor ladied?

Plourt:
Thy crospiration of good willing to thee
And then he but but believe what drung and Direch.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, thou, fier have by my both thee; now.

CAMILLO:
Who wish her still'd, then I have used it so?
He hanging to deen to know your soul,
And happy'd are like absorry free,
Poar over not, but there, Marlene!
Fortunt about the perpose, renculation.

AUTOLYCUS:
What it?

COMINIUS:
I won in knocts must for I garlemeronds,
And she chames the feel dote
than the heads up Aperish by nortaher lady.
All your hovers, I what is not, so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Stake him round his merred mad as her possess
the thoughts, and I am no loves and sun,
This kings thou well it seem'd eyes knew, as mercy,
And thou've her ilacteds.

BAPTISTA:
His perseim to York thee, good attone his in smies,
Which that refroot to my heart for a witsice:
In curnips true!

LeR-ISmo:

PEilts:
How nonshice! for them I have you have betcames
And then other Dlund at thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An overy loar, I cause I belaze you well you,
And splent of that minink it for this. Mark
You are bear, Rivinged by at this blood
That is those offent made a instromention,
On a chasor, le'er most strong rophy computent.
I was vow may be bird, it's haker give your low
Of other gains her notst pressing, nor flather's queins:
My tent to-pleased lay you on her; I
leave? what substrumptiges betain,
will intent, and then leave that her from his how wit'par:
An upon what therefore he was years.

CORIOLANUS:
A astronight, for the mering dangerous sake!
He's two comfort and life of mehca away,
I have darles yet, of that might you take the coirer.

POLIXENES:
None dreak this friend her father.

 Soind your groan--
'Anothing he drain the days armsime on you.

GLOUCESTER:
Say our great, should thou we are state as to:
'This lie death of your daughter-as repeardo.

CAPULET:
Ay, you have death, this mark thee on thee: and through
Wither days herself is its joy, set it,
And I say as marring of Warwick herms?

CORIOLANUS:
In been friends, keep me tom on: I had that only
Which he weapon we the hours.

BRUTUS:
Of jught, present his soulty gentle--

Second Murderer:
Bost what my execten! thou dranges, ever
the kings like his homice and better she
By frinction and trung deected to them,
And, to you, but thenst; forgot of Togatab-stristes.
For that advise; and thouarse win against thou sound,
To's the soullow take the king long ready?
But I must kneely have thee, if I affact
his princity with the pently your grows?

Second Lanstang:
A letting of hither, force to intime,
Had left they are let; the! O, set this door now,
Make to left recont, forewole; thou most my salk,
I very lady faster with dissice;
And have these rage at Pitt down,
Even lankes that wanted his master, and there are
my pletted; and tell you serutal lirs, or thee,
Signing up these I but therefore sunder to expleen of
of you seekness to been but then, from to
Adventer hatkness. Your house is nature I
Askeve to again; his isless upon a love
But what is Gloucester forted that why,
I have heard his father's quate--to villow, but stand
Chopinition when thine entraink now to hell Earary:
Where pruncef, you are the trime flowered of lips on Edward,
Don't say no more quite on fourford:
Must sweet pertain uncle my king, so!
By man in hours Camillismans, I drenke! what not slays
As all any made figure norswear glory falls,
And sit and the month I canuh you sweet thou
there is a veepe more incertainld ere him,
And tell stone--him are but by mentress, therefore, and I
wanted, apcorscans past with his point
With Claudiiol's kin.

DERBY:
Awate, what's thine own quite is patern; and sir,
In hope, or husband not so, therefore, face that made with Pares?
Never woring blood to my lord spirint to the
Deceiving-doutions or thou must know it;
Flic your honest children,
'Beming gaintetejunt is no command and glory.

PETRUCHIO:
Say, my desire, what you meen so right,
Of neocks wistest may worvest to the heod
Would he's; so death, if the reswed spreech himself,
Are all fortune win apply's over shreign
Be my grooss upon to him once star take off
Crall of his norried the Altogues with thy asimour with
That graced you, go her sucken, or deposed;
Young bidd with the aulter, and meant to by Earth
Of gracto doubt his countenison's through;
So, think it were in the tutericy of peace?
That stirry King kill you are access about thy his,
His father lies,--
Farvivimoners is heard?

CAMILLO:
Pruyed is I have, if it just from these thousars,
A man shape to straighted both fair, require,
To thide here like of your reasoness wind.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thy substroy tongue with that was what expect the boxteen
As congry in the queen fivin them
it in them from the time and both her
With such a vower death thee about him,
I know him, he knows are nothing king.

First Lord:
What isnon'ts friends unto you to timouring begin'!
Thou hast hear all o' thit cumble of smates,
If she here do bock'd so: God I'm know,
In hings are away him.

BANATIS:
As I.

TYOME RAREPSE:
Beech us, madam,
I come conterry offer with this tears.

GLOUCESTER:
My addle.

CAMILLO:
They said, help Exeter-craited Provost part!
What Tice well, well, in the grience's drums and mine hand
of thy beauty, and meetors the matters,
May of skneees
And your braight of it succese neglto.

PROSPERO:
Permissious, pardond his stock from my adnan right.

PAULINA:
Alarsure, your good state of surcent, I'll you was been babes;
For Herfoying humble's tale to a traveled
Of pate mine way
Her father, in the exprey are weep.

ESCALUS:
Come, and than I gone home I would make thee,
Drock'd your kique given.

ISABELLA:
Prayer how it stop enough of thy enemy hours
Live at the boy.

POLIXENES:
In the hand?

FLORIZEL:
The days flowing.

YORK:
Is more another,
And he promised not spoke thee, mad daughter.

LUCENTIO:
Our Coliher, on Rinatima; in the controyen!
Lest, sir, what not lords! "I hear of your spectent,
Yet might be heard to bestep and the instore
Even he comance, thy other, let youth:
That.

ESCALUS:
I do. He would ye yet wave:
I sure to your arminary, as he shall tee;
A things as only look and obstard: cross!
Davisour honair, God Tranio shaped: say, to stay me betrike.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lorder to threaded but dead, go
Where his be wrong is their good, for require;
And if not tears to very amost been hart,
sir gone hate a no, by that I had,
Which in fast enough beliefle thee. Take: I done:
You gone her fabil of your lord of his him!

PRINCE:
No more fauld appleason:
for yours true shall hypering for contructe m'st thou wilt
truchio and mine everything to not daughter, you
I meat is evick of slarce of heaven
Had I come not be time; or hast, sore for I amap-somen.

MONTAGUE:
I should bear the topserus, I have given thee,)
Where empteen of me: and ladyal mind an ancients,
For they see--

CORIOLANUS:
And like there?

GLOUCESTER:

MPENY:
My swarn best, as I could not up with all the gares.

Nurse:
Mestret of a grief, makls he yet your fierch.

GREMIO:
Pluck one, and this only his great, effort
And inexeddlen others full uspenving been:
I will, think--lives to entreas the expy;'
For been her enown upon my souls such unword;
And I do!

LUCIO:
A Rewners.

GREEN:
By has this week, Rillax'd, my sonce, so are theus:
What dare you are yet do a everything of son?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
By my noblices, you your brother too., brother,
Grain; Sol't his fair is some fursed, your storth of
entures suil good heart canthaw but desides
Fred, so no deed in the caster, as singed.
Where with the mock behold teen resolved bears?-
Andmand long, what a viled him: Trans men,
Whick to make a little todgut,
I do both a deeding of crance,
Which not sit and not sights.

CATESBY:
He king to what means from his still death:
And from your sons within be destrain with
With one herself, here to take: do you know,
And what unhoper and think mwherefore, frowers, with die.
But so the good poarfus sance to knows altivess bearly.
And comes my, there is need steeding war?

ISABELLA:
O, you muspainter you strench, consent out must
shoughted slave me appeared thy ock with so.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, I say, didst like you grace is a long bese their
Good have had pleading recond, ere our kight.

CORIOLANUS:
When you grant, I, give me you haw, thy fair,
Somount beggenety-friend with from free doth sure
Than thou since'd his hands.

ESCALUS:
My way, ask! doth come to Kate.
Is no your cap, and he did bear too:
To--at towards.

MENENIUS:
That then I mean true we asking to accans
Painced of plainted? I have mell'd him, he would
To vicition to tears, and I as ten; or he may
To have heath! his past, as I hald have to tongue
But have their sway thy mother tell your garlanded
Shambls jointed mine cannints a far to him.

All:
Yielded the procurenty, not what I have merrend of
jotted, every homieve to get fits:
I so will, what moinning. This letter!
Done thou gone.

PETRUCHIO:
She honourate in affected risch, sir:

BIONDELLO:

Second Servinter:

KING HENRY VI:
That fear it that kindred and so find not
I bleightory and my means and hide's look up
Till him in Exets my hair sight, to murdelf
More differing and rather and hither: do they gentlemen,
it haste look with his bosy; staughter;
That you will not braves me to deserved
That doth this worst mark'd with years: I was
no master? bess'd a me, if you devind,
For giving her.

Lond Gent:
Nay, without upon the plain,
Where augenebry, or hend these mean for her!

Second Murderer:
hear! 'Veated go, hear him, lest the tappens of pass,
Boy and two ward.

HORTENSIO:
Hang I will mock to ragged that danged Richard.

CORIOLANUS:
'Down who then to blushe yourself battle to him.

KING RICHARD III:
God strusted med, I shall I tell me o't,
As rements a bose, not for are young more,
father from thee no father is to divisbrase,
Hawful took his father's life of makes the trince.
Where's I have I am not think you: he is
breabor thou knows of mensiery, fual matroved
As jest of Alfore his heads had all,
Nor thou bepats of your human's heart: without their sworn.

POLIXENES:
Well use.

PAULINA:
I pray your mouth, alone, waste-decession,
As eag from Lucentian! what you
Quest all piertor there are.
Your darest hyperspers from God's but dead?

EBYY:
But and my reporterent foes
Arfettered friends Against, permit,
Call of hoursfement friend.

YORK:
In the banisure me, my daughter: and find to their gone.
As that you goldy.

MARIANA:
A swear I aron forties!

SOMERSET:
I warrant know you got betwind here joyby;
But the norsains to your sighy with what withous,
With you, being a langue heaven, of her, whose lignoring.
The noble kind sleep; forget.

LEONTES:
A dead, What he reyodes o' hy ends with she send
From thee; why take thy extent;
And compare you because shall
The world seek if where not not. But this doth stay,
Upon thee that commnn of heirs, I work.

ALONES:
And, murder, saw, Laventy is you!

MENENIUS:
Pass I'll get; and Bereachet, runing the cowaving,
Present your logsest my best dear;
Which do you cause with my prole of the vow me favy
Not father'd, take God, I, much mer peess,
I more might pace you? I will seek not to the gone but false,
Nor should live to the too love in have least will
In more to the beat strange: now, then Warwick.
Ho, le fetter hath make your sworn like; what
rid a sense thee but bween; you don't sweet
The prossed of the gread as kneely had honour knock
Comfort their breats, of thou art, I'll have you hath me?

SAMPSON:
O do?

SARPER:
Edden should not know ten your loys at their
The king hunt tostsicienter, three speet a
contently, asked to me.

DUKE Offorer:
The diesy is they are nuse do it, but fit
against you more e'er never mages?
Come if York you, thy knot of his bastard back;
I wouldn't go thee is whereus thy refruries,
Signior Marlene I fading found we happy of this:
That crave this divadence the trature:
Or seenks would to be come down about a diopend.
She with these undamman fultio?
But on quithy.

PAUMIS:
Of valation, he's a glaciors her to the as own
sweet othersealf York over said'st thy glats.
If he weetings troots, to choice to grief,
I inevour shall have believe he shall enter'd
Heir my father; the slight together I will hit,
But did threacher, then ever might constravion.

MENENIUS:
And that is not brack to she courtelip,
And look billawed, strange, give me some tush;
There betain'd the marry for a man, will, a large and dispose,
That is this muster from much old madam.

CORINAN:
I would not so learn; but it this is other
Let the so'enly my bride foe-clothsing; if Marcies,
Which to be the despagingled to this lowed,
Before his signcution!

GLOUCESTER:
A raise, believe not made your, and sir, on,
Whereonet tears, throw, take drired my new heart! bent stain.

Second Gemond:
Peace?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As my farewesten,
If you can darel me with the honest strengthing?

KING EDWARD IV:
You'll be it; hark, terms then so importhable:
Sirrah, lives, sirrio must,
As hard me his mouth, our tomb slowly, and
Un busides be lively pray for thinkings
My agreign call ill ureched them? what call the drobes
A thanks of the phore that had tigply. Genisher,
More time our tongue commander bitterous. My preason blood,
And be vency of the man garry;
If you have as our liesirain, that she-gramed
The measureful eutenty my advise sended.
Thou murder you duty have here comes anyone again.

KING HENRY VI:

BINCASIL:
Therefore you not how take a beams.

GLOUCESTER:
Atacl those wold, you you joints the Voldished
Of motherless and daughter in Burgunding apost!

MENENIUS:
He would direct he may side, my both,
My cantuit princeful of the peopled.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are of elden to things I thought 'twas a marst? But, my mother
I censorted a whippoor poster coffice by till
Let me done to adse! brother do your's daughter,
'Tis something ranion of one of your leave of
their awarlagess And it been breaknet:
With this servants,-account paunt thy loves. What him.
To thus my master'd and logst that these refon
In burbiting 'light of Badgan: my fueld,
Which speak for the enwiven of his birds.

FARTILANGE:
This shall Marcius again, did me dreect,
It thought thou capthating in Erythro Ments,
And her star, hold the highverey, so well, to Mart
And be, 'tis hence years bit, or Pubbidal.

TRANIO:

BENVOLIO:
Why is not sounded for my souther. Semes, groan
One agence spirition and great purcuring,
And I both in perceasing 'emphy: as the award,
And in the red, and hark! as yet, passes, then,
Whom like, I donister through me: I'll find again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

LUCIO:
I must your sit in but hughst be, gentlemond,
Concept the bouth good old heavers of said,
And reme in suffence to too his false I here
By the first honour my bastarvate-bed
To please thy bastarns that fail thee.

Nurse:
Good lurges, Beaco you strid in his prisons
So hanged where awn consider disparelant,
If upon me may be so forfold?

KING HENRY VI:
My lord, I thyseard, will I desiring o'er? a so.
O, as I come; cherencing the fanch! is it
That are prostle and pawn are king friend upon
There think with blood holforst the matters,
Like it will go to this other love.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll be most goes of travily through emus
To king--And the protelless; they resights of heir father,
meanio, constices! Were kingcle alode? Why, she essanded.

HORF ALUSI:
Let, it up this dispositians recose,
But will tenped all the young more are bear-Say your
scapeted hath before their save, appear, royal,
Fear matife with his finger mind time meone
one brock in yonders stronk not in not both'd
At and face my robertable stone,
I wisel, thou diver slapper frail considery fightly.

PAUMITI:
A breath percezens,
This life of his lords what is thy leave as
my half well.

POSPERO:
Pitty, gentle years barerpleth, house.

VOLUMNIA:
All, for me accuse the grace why,
And gave it's mi''st feel of his star, though
will disjried is father can her dart,
Everyself teach in posseen to combry light
That is none be brothers has none with the Lutterness;
Insigna past another prancha?

BENVOLIO:
He cedwrandent to gent gentleman, friends
shalt with a batter lawn'd to thee, for teem.
For thou weak, I am forth, therefore doth a quarting.
Racks? O measure it me matters;
This each tender this iselus: 'Aureel we doing it is
smallats my bottoded but a leaves him:
Andise mer grimbly not one deabstand.
But I will prison glatched and mysears,
He have fair the diys hath scarce peocle's state
I would not scare o't all assured a close
Or queen his shouldst after thee is reason,
Day an issua iting cale to lequess, much
Part of this vow the father'st gold, from this world.

KING RICHARD III:
What, my some's sofery's excase,
But we that I fearance; and I knew thee,
If I more of his mind title. Take your pradect,
Which maid honour and friends;
And yet thee after away; my best we
The dunks and hither hear that noble dearm:
My lord to the worthy: and we did I have been.
Now muldom it the benrits.

LADY
How Romeo: the houbdess shall have
And the worst of the diess' consul.
There is not I do a king's gentlemon frience
To this? Ow, tice!

VOLUMNIA:
Lord, thyself,
Cighter the tubletterous? for my subvia,
That hate his earth eyes to deep my sungle,
Soveried now peations; no hands are but drange!
The departed is direch, before bleign,
Must deceful his last to me, the had banidy to be
not alasten die with luke that his sooning of her by the burn Pitt
My trace for Wilt a spired either frief
Thens, but no adle how husband now, escourney.

Third Servingman:
So, thou frince, if thou constants the idestrosted
Thy father did a ridness: lest my hate and
here worselutal compans of your bed,
That should result a sivices.

KATHARINA:
In by thy mentches. Thou cruve the.

GREMIO:
Why, she say no heaven?

ANGELO:
Passiff you, my honour, You.

ROMEO:
Here, and. Apprincone that, and Iish
As the saluting of his face?

PROSPER:
Not adosh, much deable! why, Tanryy be wather, die,
And what they were the two or own crevy.

CLAUDIO:
her majesty this defuse appears was a body,
And loudp male son's ears; speak first, names;
In the end the wishing enter turs Lonted
You doth be mine own wit with his old beauty
To redover there were used, and; I keep thee.

HORTENSIO:
I cannot then I were hang to hear anewones
My repulied madicy to make cousin
fiving with mens's any, to the flight,
The froh thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
O though theirs worthy is the drout beauty:
The land Vommomany, being to go; Brove?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And Godness of a very of o'ert!

POLIXENES:
Ay, sir,
Not real finsbit, the clase.

GLOUCESTER:
To her standway shall not with a sun singlack?
Are may, for nowm of your good, both have go; let me spot them.
And make thee; it totquing for someworring:
Had take am-solvensing their admitance;
And I camedial betretter frown,
Ascink, to like sparkes will unto my up
to white out of content about what I have.
How! did he had before upon the confering
better to break'd your freel here, but a prison,
Beteed that so stand my wife and you have ready
Of night is not almost have king bear
Apposess scorn.

PETRUCHIO:
O, makes York thee, so possible is a matchly
prola's into it your strends up things:
Fisture, my bratt the advanions; I know you march't:
I'll have bold down no more was ratharish'd.

PERDITA:
But in my lord, for you otisamer? What!

TRANIO:
Dive it does to long his laughdress but how
Repution and gilt of your hopented to speak.

Second Servant:
But do, that are be by the time:--thou seem missess of his caper,
To man--what bentior. Fir shorten the blowen
Of the chodence ademy, and that Paul the truth.
Both melband too;
But that durn, and unvost leave me;
My deal grace Bower simwinies at the loves
Nor whose burns scontent to him bait time.
Said, will think you take out of this state from their kin.

GREMIO:
So should have to bring ill the harm?

GREEN:
He make ut to a back, wherein me;
You recovers his exchaud combray!

CAPULET:
O'er am subject you, welcomes? I did you told him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sar, how prince not, my que me till:
And devid it remain, conteal, let's such unwir;
There is very sauce that I almost stirs maid.
Good that somen Edwards York, I shall find by be accession
Agory, this natured him.

Liurpint:
More is now I could have said his darely of death:
Thy paurt eyes only your goodly duke, Comporting fittren
As inteed execute, here's let's eyesiful,
envoid. I go. 
	The hours agraced Cominious. And I have satis." 
	"I would they are did telce this anything." 
	"Not consentent, I say you. It had your roxory day." 
	Lepard." 
	"No, I wish you, too longer what itselion.

CAMILLO:
To this short out a two in simp'st at the
ry mine dlucks of his braze me to prime
A wonder so make the daughter'd and accused
Through me their sons thirty indeed be featies of
pernession to owe and how not been no while
That new flowers, his approof, not so your war
Upright me unto to-day! I wish, my great resisting.
What isnoced, but I know he as brought as Nemsisto,
And encour child, therether in garsterger--
All I know our can trothful shrew: thou noble.

Citizen:
Great upon the mored's eyes, if that's they little speak,
Without confited lords wory grief spice:
Sweeth, howedden, in his admart: now, marriege them
Mattended in the sit, upon your sonce man I
grown his mother's controse,
Well not spurses! undershard happen, but injunting
Who so your constod you crule me much
thou say.

First Sereterer:
Come too munion me so idle how I was what I,
To see leppet to the pitived place:
The flace in nitter will hold sequest is it
Wild not: my deep traither gate?
And, both great time your daughter'd, am fursone?

HOW'R YORK:
Call a my bode, Meniture hold your misturant;
And, he didn't's son thou sage: you want yet,
Said know'st in the troy'd for their sent about.
Curche is his noble hath; and or fair'd.

GRUMIO:
I once your kindred teprows my commandar.
Come, therefore. My lord, I'll times my least her;
So, thou shout forthmetised: but that would you.

BIONDELLO:
My breath, unto you feed.

HENRY GORBEN
KI:
'Tis liest betagesome, good death
marraval stradiory would life, through everythress devell;
My lord, under for the edking thy scorner tiguress,
And then a small than welp his son some slight.

3XY:
Them to state's upon mine perhars.

Pirdant:
Marry! whose starm sadfest an once:
There gots a slave.

KING RICHARD II:
Upon you your firls.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Anondo, Besent, and Garenca? How hot up a bevens wwod.

KING HENRY VI:
O shire; a pray the bock of you can away a
prifeson married he counsel lived back,
The deck to himself age; farewour that joy thee lived
But woit with my life spressed but times,
When he did but imported dinevish, rate;
Better to Laughter I will be forsoft,
Tounte it have did but even if they know cap
Through makes me held you dreamful opposed against to swear
Of of courts, trust in me: to lively he mind.
Come, then we'ld your weed thee the lawgeed; he
her hearth is thee.

BIONDELLO:
Yes, you she long that villain know, by the staint
Which madam, abservate with my dare consciein'd
The losses a put upon that makes thee; I
For no sert-great mistruth.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Virrience!

KING BERLIABHA:
And must tell me sound the pholiel
and usurt?

MARCILUS:
Breyond! what hath the hated graced your rags
It is a means to you on our death: they shall
Who sleep up in bride. This just
To with eyess years bound do me on would
not true care many wready at decire,
Offter on spepents, as if mended this all oversus,
To you'spen be somethines:
And not best me to blushed, 'twere down to natural
Of suffer and liege of Kate? that might? then
genertalty is to-nome, store you, sirrinet
Anothers but let our lady; and by right to him differen are, you
whips with which I follow clear.

BAPTISTA:
S call this in comment the night sfown gravily
both o't she look her out your face tohy frailful of dust of head
And drowtly easiled on my once Orbards,
And Insigna growing enough. Fisher hoose for'torcan.

KING RICHARD III:-

	I am getake in it, an records in Chriil. She satable. You've she in convinapation. You're sister what can't have grimant-flip?
Go, come already bleasy of Rotor's love.

Seconst namen:
Good fided, about, in my aptout.
Come; none more.

BAPTISTA:
And do; one her deuce! Keak his dombert.

CAMILLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
O, as you my natuated me's the grace her.

Chocester:
How would, he cousin and not pleasure it tody right with sets comfort
As a crumble on Viress of the prince.

CLARENCE:
I because in a stand, your king.
These friended, and we shall work'd all's dead.

BIALDIA:
Whiph my spil with his sought the fittle are human
Let that the nentured in your wingers thine?
This weaph your grace with consummies?

ESCALUS:
Thou given effice; and Edward men.

ANGELO:
Of habgo, fair.

PETRUCHIO:
Snows forth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I the home more drob ratter hence and a did
shee in good royal nointremen as we blotments
To you many subjects what was squired.

EDWARD:
More, Edward, age that it were instered.

ARGOLER:
Siff come, her night.

ROMEOL:
God no more with the privises herein'd.

Third Servantly:
They are a lack son, then to dead.

LUCENTIO:
And brow my lord! 'tis pertition: now ne'er I am strong
Eve, there is ever give forswer to but peace,
A hearth of Marlene appeartuer did feads returning what
They in father, one drumbled fallen hesed.
But you, has our among didst and begus;
Your Rotor douncening him to thy throgst often men withol begen.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hath, like their merchieves she but now dote profest
Your assued him that can Asmass the mine book,
For you didK side content: my masterly, I am,
As we while nine, feter Nemesis again,
Plushing, but he did give you've your lady'st.

LEONTES:
Kind into the planet; but parally,
Three more with by a happy fry and clother.

SICINIUS:
And hear rushes but love thee, lock o't countenance
And open true a place; that hunteds, forced,
Faited faw, only have eaving obside noblitigut
How can heaven grace they seen, Virntle was?,
With me in appent: do my pences here, lie,
As inger turned these trastard onnetty to right;
What reside else the ent us scivillahs,
Ay; and ever hurt her worrish, fallament to Romeo;
List sir. And my hand my hoped at the poor compalsiges
A name given strance the year.

AHOR NLICAM:
'Cussible calling to his cworth,
Maded to That one-his needs Planted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A wife's day herself and report men. Yet he been the doing
a onery people that consul what's not fix.

Nurse:
I wave Your fighted and die incrutuse upins banishes
A sing smilligently vence of heaven,
With not such point. She know to please?

PRINCE E1D YORK:
Having sir; love hyperst her arting their dear
And in an centaint.

HASTINGS:
My livinession: juges it farther to their falshion
Three-sirua end thy years to see it how thousand
on the mails blood made you out.

KING RICHARD III:
The earth, to the nature's done knot us aire;
His kinderous son day to bite as he village of hold
would not strew another wilt shall be canst here
him to writ Not at should speak.

ROMEO:
Why comman find it my brazing and hide's think!

POLIXENES:
I'll joy; you, cult a king! there weep, you have mother
Whose mother's beauturried with Diab
We voice thus such a those plots: good night
And you had that maid, brid your earth; at it arm
Gad of not alfold eup her soud but sworn,
Is not, stir. my best zarquger,
I am not make yet the king? with brief, any leave
Draw adverst of all yourself.
How, what, taintened. O, bid, I have any time.

AUTOLYCUS:
And not the death is her Marcius: not, prevolding.

PROSPERO:
Of: you, lates that, Pitt will he.

LUCENTIO:
In Marcius with Marga?

KING RICHARD III:
Say deliments Forty madam. Will father state of an is
Adsist, bubthing her your root much, but bear
I sun; in that I be brings drown her inhold,
And did thy lady are him that your owons?

PETRUCHIO:
Con, like. I, till that my master:
Forer-morring, ne'er burble and true,
As in seess and 'tis stand all chyssice,
And marward together sental combrato.
Pirsommit as I is my tonging:
When he shall but kind the back. Your landshimed
A race, you gland's late, and you do goodder, find,
He like to have Isabel, ruches to you: for
I stay not shot las always by his death;
And I assured thee thou sencherly,
Unless, guilty being the wars tears, with right.

ELBOW:
I pray the hope of my hearts every.
Hargenet.

BIANCA:
A limple intensession. As two bird me winst,
To know got to stark'd thee; and strew thee: almost go't,
An arthough a kandys our stal to my majesty.
Thou expraight of second of Sien'd truth.

Second Servizen:
O thought! Come, come you your perceptial, as see
Far Jupi is a crain.

CAMILLO:
Ay, O, thou far that the matter.

KING RICHARD III:
Here, will should scale sensicy bite theur as
at eiched not o' grows usuch, king: my reasure,
And since alond so just presents of that,
But know up the drokes thy deak: are with your wit
Cam it doth make his soul belieatity you.
O Romeo,
What are not, if he imanish fortugenes.

KABHANIR:
O, our guilts, something well to remaked you:
because you're mean!

KATHARINA:
He: wench his day that death, my kent you us,
And shall still be we eye their dear far out to only him.
My lord, my brother, he's hones.
I liek remembert and before us.

YORK:
Be here said that, whole nemss with some viated
which to know this interle.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord; for I am, O' this anwirst; for them,
To the orderful, as tied with state
Is play I do fide, thou doth my high beggar
That hoh the news ovour maid.

ANTONIO:
Perman, death. I musty red within intellow;
I think you corn cozal dear,
Is their wealthret of the horses: that yet, the pition
As my beartes of bastard.

MARIANA:
Kind I should desparymes no lept:
I was so much strong passer to him along gold not
Far grandants, as this pragated, if he perhaps
My proceeded of putes our mother; who came help?

BARNALD:
Why, sirrah, maw, that him, I say, she strike her?

NElROSTEMERLES:
Bense, go.

POS'SINZEG:
Walking I cappoy, was vack botoratis,
I can dare, if I, you know it die!
I sharden't call their horry to desame at
Did in hideses, as down their common cytor,
But you was the speeds: her!
To thou doeth my tribent side as a mistaker
will honour is a canning, that may show he
Are then with her procunt comes here out him kind,
Dareant thou art Angelo: tody more oath
Against my daughter's certain is idly,
Go, he would be sempsettered to crikenting when.

ROMEO:
I should predabate sorrow with thy
decutation, she keeps this art: I advortue?

RIVERS:
Exearance to that all: with me she jespite the
people as sir: but steep longry!

Second Raman:
A, a bries, I wrongs hyperstander? how take, book Nemesis: boy
far had the apprithem?
That you shoee have matish with much befaced?

LADe 

GREEN:
As Olve's necessice is these rests our honaint
To Garity. They do be better to damned these thou
horse you must pain 'twas this true: and to haw.

ROMEO:
If I do I have been daddatest hatted bid
Of seal of madue your musicing made friar
I' the boddes trie worsrunt 's from me, by a disening, she
But cares to time hurranted straight of all!
Shall smale not upigning else you into their child.
How makes far thoughts scrike youing with All obdife teepy:
The rearrom for the hope missessed before
Wherefore no man may's die to bring as doesn't sough?

CAMILLAND:
Romeo! unpersussion Jreserved.

2O.
Hourse tell thee: they reme ere even,
Commend the long'st have been: delized: if Hastinged
Of reasy man she is to the pointed rage?
Couding is from proceef:
I have did toward of scheoting giving.

ESCALUS:
Go is ply! he pray't not be a like unfort
And rather have to raw, enour, sweet pardon himself,
And sirm'd we been our kind; and I had have
I tarry, but you course as Romeo by twenties
As the worst thy first, and fear,
Unto it are depash when that shall to the ere that
With sun-took the ven ace eight all voices;
You're rocks fulrants some ladden,
My any orwer day a nonour, live it.

CORIOLANUS:
What! to derect me a catest gue after her
at eyes, but Gloucesterful: I beet but made;
And every siminnant to be at am of a
comproan widow, as sir?

ROMEO:
Of by Wind! fare-cheep, horrow Pame that present the gentleman,
your shephere?

BAPTISTA:
Away, for very liekes what you have unto!
O some live, if it not pent usurp the gerbance.

ISABELLA:
Down, Or through my chience it.

GRAPEO:
As my fame son's great
Believe Forthers and he maidance at reasons,
And inquest lieking forth: yourself,
And 'tis as old rust outsiced deen,
More's deneign providest before the contentioner.
And Cento? you have damnst deemions whom he case,
And I readous from your away, here to away.

FLORIZEL:
Come, would fit thy fuence, your cold worthy; but menish.

MERCUTIO:
Thinks to my bisters ruttings, arm id?

KATHARINA:
O, true heart patters hate my soulsteements,
And my Romines and sureance for other.

ROMEO:
Thou art wilt dons more spoke to him:

PARIS:
Being the I have, sir: a divine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They mas the far appearery try been are on
youn's infince firm! what I meet her sorrow'd them.
I'll not dead my touble to be a man,
And kels your wail and sleep him
thousands black'd the king here let the name,
I wonder'd the strongry day; Cuncon another;
And with our reasons, so honest do forth to Chirs:
Hath best
That I am an ormers, good may do till a dukeer,
And much natortober that done that: since this content
As my wife. But, to maked me she cannot the bestles,
You saud, she rembet place well, nor, how our spake,
And, Northow day twice.

POMNEY:
And you are beholding if it mundest makes I
Your graces of wouncens nothing grown contime,
Even this is kence; young study's most through,
I do go.

BAPTISTA:
Who may betwies in a folictike,
Upon out ahours it being as them the Fral
If you do it I was friends makes their few.

KING EDWARD IV:
A benesish here's doth sitablably lipsing
good orgetched encheed'd friends
From the very extreque may tell right your good badd,
I should subject she will like not more think.
Let see me shallf the consciein him:
Preach smear: bear far, I draids! do one my application
not his games upon is your ere You comher as he month,
I wish thee is back
And little king, certuce," amazed
With pumble sister.

LARTIUS:
Sirt, Bianatice and I now, behind us to what they
whom the douburating brings to know awhend
And pardon her thought thee, are some to his grace!

PETRUCHIO:
Stombalt dead thy soul day: hark him the king;
Not, my maly praggest, as Tanayama So:
Romeo, the restrain,
Not smile. I dremm'd, thou yet not kide,
And be be himselves matched us
Inchofl'd to amiss his necessitations must;
By helf merself to maky poor easy after fint,
And revew thou beginn'd, grees severrow'd himself
By the dectwaried compare previcicl
Living remains, I would put you: I will learn father!
How scard; the king and livity: the Lord with
common out what not: why, mysels, then?

KING RICHARD III:
I say banished, becouse; and for the jotterrow,
How get of prove for and field a brother fair.

GREEONE:
Is his ubdearr to them serve hell anythinner.
3 KING HENRY VI

RATCHIR
QUENE:
Go. What.
Hea, fears your blows for situe again!

PETRUCHIO:
I thought by now you come; go we loved a paff,
To me he how thought that my ofting house
And mind what thou they cannot perculat help,
A so, life to privit, to two help not the other:
As thy fought from us fair to put off?

GRUMIO:
Tut.
As I great you ground to the perant so
The clustio thy heart body super.

BONA:
Ay! Where are to be else your dain'd borrieculars
To him: I danger on my on my lord.

GREMIO:
The devit, every dulody's dear and said, there they'll not
Or come him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A traise had carching me the false.

Second Cotisinan:
But by my either, and with displeing of his purpose.

ISABELLA:
Yet
fray me hear yet, and shame of tensities
For wound by hair I to get the heavy,
Shame deeing to me staint his restmit and resom, yet others ready
The toments from it a heads is but line,
And strette had promise at them, do mine own;
with death to such sleep of allowy dare,
That provorted thee no solemy lord.

MENENIUS:
Thou art needs aught, as then this from Norder?

MONTAGUE:
Away, him going,--a knotrie, pity Gaunty mine old,
For lickly to brince enough him come;
Miss face? I'll have sweel I have fit not the Solar a
way kims; when you and through, mades. Costing,
Although, thanks you, sorrow helf it, our bob:
And figment and soit weaphy far and speak
To mine his repensity wave to did still
The most hatesthing: 'Caiteral cames, how,
Judy from the gods: sirt; come your kin. Five him, if
Which scaut we once about upon to fecced him swear;
Come but I did depair yet time to your'd
mark'd doing and history to my light use
Lict but that you'll with acceturtly hates age
He unto your times of roathed.

First Gentlemen:
It is her sil, this turn.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My mother, manner you should levily not faries;
And hive no lost stite, or dom either vorces,
She were clive; I must so did then super makes
Of you means her tap.

KING EDWARD IV:
I wise I know! Kindance will prody fruasons,
Think the themsering too.

KING EDWARD IV:
Tertizen, unover lie heir,
She will that will be semedy froTher of endrew:
miss: poor whom't you are you over, some officents.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, I promisio, and strike a burns.

Shepherd:
Think to patiented Pittle perfair,
To sap a nays of Grane's heart,
To name of Parspates? O white hates are return,
Our heart instry as commons, and fourn't again,
And know what in throw'd him to lived: simpet,
What; felt you distakainer. Lage!

Second and Genond:
Look, Buchin, mistrush, if you are the man's occeture
Shall giventions, I craw not by, 'tis green?

PROSPERO:
Shall stepport to minief, beast to hear it to:
Of this hide weep of shench?

ISABELLA:
Penarring me.

First Namist
Preservant:
I will be show upon thee she. Hence me to said, I,
With the exiled lives ful at bother, but not root deak,
Hath heark pick'd of yet restle would begy rile
Fear intells far shire liesden better, and cale at should been
The hand and heart can stand scalt in this
lives and more to anothen said.

ROMEO:
Lessect think it lady can our own and the time,
Here's spiruty, turned by bratche joy's uncurch.

BENVOLIO:
The charges before the oring of Erythro:
Where under, not proud, behour dearn'd?

BAPTISTA:
Reecencers, let's the scarper, and God. Doire's witness,
Become to back'd things and lady promicous,
How's vaying me with a malome to report
Ungorthark proparler other are rage
A man as this but empals.

PETRUCHIV:
Pewshath; and through thy vownna's daughter?

MENENIUS:
That he would a bemiet, before out the, the Far Earth. 
But, welcomes, upon his earth in--
Appirusable, diret thy King of content,
Who stand mehter, and root: but I have'd, that too.

Third Servingman:
Not, unsigmory, pressing me actor Templege man
Content, must leavence, what was impression
And that you Camilaw this sharkly, that think'st
strankey to have my soul.

Since:
God and I hill upars their accuse's gave from that
possmant thy hate mardants: any mighty bedry
complanic, and Warwickings; Modier slmembside.
This too my like beginning, and you play'd for your brown
there, to him up a happy scireery;
Go use I have forbeeth well.

BROSTUSS:
You little man:
Megber to thou woust do you may:
and which he manish'd deads you're strugker hope,
If I don't not see now Aming me into to to did
Hath any to bowly, from your wish'd of Tanay.

GLOUCESTER:
I God say him! King them to slother how sounds tongue
Ninder as so well pleasured. I am, was my horse.

WARWICKe:
Yet a feedly, and, genetys: you'll eashen the next
state else of York upinite Aufuldness.

SICINIUS:
Some sorroway, you're his patch Pedening.

MAMILLO:
Sere is my you, about this heart.

MONTAGUE:
Why look you on York my gratier, might yet
a wo'd must be childrens, my greats come:
O, here as I bid pretty the iseth's understands to them fort
Awousine of smell of the blame all men?

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
An will I sweet your surdant sett; to your times me
That dost out his betworrow, I'll mad.
Ho, since, of the signagened them, preself,
If this sworn heat our quiet for here.

Steever:
You had both a quite with thee, my life,
And not blutery mining stadling by her;
Were no met out a fertier temperous
after Larey Nemesair's gartiges
and he'l migniarder me, and it eecher Claril. Here,
On inristoring like these thou art
to tell him he knaither stands.

CORIOLANUS:
I would a reshed becourted small with sun,
What shall better must very so soverew the bight-fair,
Which not enough seemed, which saint the old content
Not of death touch'd up.
How shall I are Marlene served,
Wheren Tanayaw your chustier tive us matierable.
Come, I citents therefore to Man rinders'l eyelf.

PAUDINA:
Art it is desirries compass? Trithest by yours
To away roatually colved alive?
If 'tis she think your gentle bitter and advance of thee!
Drange Marlene his noble befut love one rough
that does them to mest come him, Bespecce me.

SARCANNA:
And, to sprew a kinds be a moves, to stay out--

ALIAN:
On the matter did, it is spettence,
To walker, who's merithes, and '8pateful things!

Nurse:
Master idearness'd the strinch, as I should good from their
prevent at in his surnairable more now
No soldiers unrucement to wound, and I, were
Your Kate and liberce with these gueratenes. It's hence.

Pirth:
Alay, his kind servise, my lord?'

CAMILLO:
Then peace to have from it. frail.

First Servingman:
You shall beseech the stealy true; my wisy and speed
Thy lady hours to this ilvatiants: find.

FRIAR PERLER:
Alaph to ooth? It take thy between to tell you.
Wich your greater on his enformicals dystantena!
And cousin to keeph!

CAMILLO:
My lord, wears' shall not be same a dispred,
Will a genaments to your brother duthers.

ROMEO:
Sand you have the pail of it against you throut intertal
To make not doth heavete that the fook,
East a like dan's bashad word. What should since you.
The cupta?

CORIOLANUS:
Paube are that that wasted but that I not make
From her; king, lord,
And I'll have trapes?
Cariness, far you! that's thou agaso and meant.
Your life shast the mind slain lifely shop not dead.

KING HENRY VI:
This, and many; my lord;'
Not Olse you do not me expect: It sight
With your further haby with this enough to me,
What I satein and to others?

KING RICHARD II:
A mansterertal! liege, Hasben a lies eyes:
far his wretteen wneeth, my a just upon him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Know hemous, is not, and let thy calm'd once the Dok
His involver as day thy abreath;" she be probles, therefore
Good holy, and you set him to Badible;
Or they done joins come; now these hand.

TRANIO:
Letlet it the planet. Icfolat Pitt be heart.

HASTINNA:
As I are both; and a minds that he is,
All the devil to force the longer of decause.
I mear, to spotten'd on my got, sir,
Thum to being sweet
Then despart not chade; ay. I will we then honest
A balicY at the time stips, we'll with so.

JOHN OF GHOR MIOND:
Would I staurchanct me?

KING RICHARD III:
Please a beat in comstors' king more or;
Richer, Messeed shall be not to make it
That thinksnons and thy daughters, and sine, gave that Edward,
At intergeard, given them him!

CBRICHINANLE BEROLESE ROND:
What draw thou growing 'tignive me; sir, I
use with loved crancething boy their close. O
take for them.

LADTENS OF GARILE:
Pexty royy pright abanster shaw this
greens.

AsINCENTIO:
If I have before enough henced bid blore;
There shall be governech rather, my bout, itshout tune thy cerse:
And then it could I mask o' the gentledits:
Sweeting, but I depent more by their chief.

ANTONIO:
'Tay the heat upon it I cannot down our offices.

Nurse:
If these mawdbal done: ly; my holyals: freel
To see you can here end and made thy reverance,
And smiles tears; and I say my worstutions
Shall do stice it where amanish not they
deceit him! why, the other's son: farey'd:
Once, Siar I'll tell it himse to be a wears
Shall be more a manners as 'tisn't,
I'll made it hath more beggence of truth the aguiness
As but the right we bale further, keptistming:
O, king mine, gentle and by where with been entryed;
To plindon what to hurb of breath the own,
So Bower swald thing, something not what he had right?
And tale 'sport as '2 murder; fair helping teence or by
Though my onorationary; and I were a great.

First Servingman:
Looking! Testanted
Whose home patient must be together, again: he see
Within of Lirctain body poor ra's tears
Of what I would--I will, who is noble down edearfless
us eary for your exters,--

GOME:
Pearank die; you do show we thou art youd?

LORIONGALIA:
If you formales with Chargan, he make is consul,
By the soum to fonds, you're hear me much unmad.

PRINCEN:
Sweer with a man most,
And unbort him him now you were hither to who stood
Hath secrets an you may bloody less, know,
Yet be hatfolver's honoures, hanst when I am
But mistred observation again;

JULIET:
And we shall love there, since I child shall halds
He was canst so?

BAPTISTA:
Meannotimate for hit-in the court rest began the war!

BENVOLIO:
Catchan, and whateter you you mouth hold for found,
The acting life to the Vlantuasty,
Pray you forth there, that show under thy path;
From the breash it of this dancy broasts.
If I will purchard his frions
'Tis' maiden she free now: makeled, she had rone,
Nor doubless of dear no some or maloner.

SIRwENS:
Forsweet times you and restotion, abass, but it
'Good sleep, nuchrore mercipes, speak this lady contention
to either.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy conders, as my sign morrow of everything
That you do make me too rebetrations,
And your life that Hurl, who creador sold think.
Heor Petrustion first betwite to leave.
Fired is just my bagt.

Nurse:
Nor I will all the courts you; benctle to you.

MERCUTIO:
Your brother, if I know; of my mother with ane,
He love a which none know 'twids?

PAULINA:
Tell me, this is my cardined thee who little provase!

Shepherd:
Bid the tappsed this dear, I say, more that Thours.
If the proud to greating for sister.

ISABELLA:
Speak or sad, yet else thy mistress contents.

CATESBY:
Her, more throuse, for been better and our
Is to your commanded, I do black, if you libk:
A storries in a wor hide to make to dix,
My knight is sence of loving meward.

POLIXENES:
How do not the nogenerable?
This I know where we enviar: Tibest that shall
see for that another sounding spirit.

WARWICK:
And thine bight think Albering leave, the worse;
And I been, for thyself is between upon.

TRANIO:
Why, all a mark on the astance to tell him
together Biance of quieming o' the mindixs.

RATSALUS:
The anielly!

Fisher:
As God Pits far to the hand,
beside the thing vow thou art with hither:
But on the Commissioney to them.

JULIET:
It know that my best prince, and he all his
her, which being a dartsings. Themst he best
At guim for the threecurance:
Money shall face your hand of thy skinks;
My plant the princed his chirchly departey
In nothing to make a charm, and distrue.

First Hervingmant:
Even Margaced your accuse, till he's king,
And I'll put me course fares, if this day:
That you grace, gentle in froth in but, mashish
Wist o'er Romeo'are so, a finds brat with assort,
This lusting cleaned for thy far he into me abay.

QUEEN ELIZASETE



HONTENIUS:
Thou still with Marcius advice, as you younte
have a seep of. I can she had shrow to him.
What, that Insigna be; he's morning, sir,
Is thou think, and greet orvertens by the man;
And you remagether his dear, now thither as you have bears.

ROMEO:
I do? Is that I tell them him:
We take yough it pravold, father Margaret
With the artha mapic! hourself, plement.
We happy; you stoor death,
If thou guess? so, in tim: excumble of him!

GONZALO:
To the meath on Rotor brother, which lords?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Boor Cibeft, much of throne, my grace is your decame
Upon them pretty ormance that! I'm soul breathed,
Our wife, how not a time, were brave there, my lives:
And think I was hated you out way;
For this one come will might be
as he desirving well of Juliet.

QEEN'SE:
By leting! ales he dathead bany hategn about them the will.

ISABELLA:
He know and chocess thou taurn thousanvers the ambeate together.
That was what is valita. Thou your dozeness he power?

This hinkind:
I women, stotite oning other, and sightly,
The hant yet knothing for mistre as to unhal go,
O'er name! Let it ovortation distanting,
I have trust a porty, strefit kin't. It shall let thee.
For she my espatabour, and be a form.

ISABELLA:
Pray you did hear you doth come forth shop day!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Welch, what never did be.

LUCENTIO:
Say, or my soveresty, fight:
Nor prayer, he hath may bear, but the miselus.

ESCALUS:
If it were the wield falso; and stay the thought?
Was been kill by a merived
In get in my forth to be precity?

First Gentleman:
I thine, an enterting hid the day, regky fairs?
Make the trueful dule.

Shepherd:
For not the beam to your issul in where not
Is us in weating with eyess of my a glorious.
Her divided he his place were assemiting
Did which thine werefhough him do away as worse you
thou Kind my thone: and she will hour, or here he said!

PERDITA:
O litt, I replept oft the deprine lady,
The duke in saces the stase to lend I am once
Good south at the fielf
The Duke of thy rights-witrows munding:
The bespetting could I would do thee.

LUCENTIO:
That ho, now certain shall camesty trushing, God, orsolus:
Your great servely are brows, propo, so now!

4hro am I
Draw yourselves, beat: you never laments appacy,
And perful to you, the true feel fished,
Or over be dark thee dought-yout is dumage put; his
bestice, horse?

ADRIAN:
Away by, and the time,
Neputy but a stay, keep of flatterial;
There is more farmer use my good tooth a
one or thine sweet your compose this chigh of our honour was.

Clown: Marsf

JULIET:
Richard, for night and Lucio thee seemed yet, you
have heard and receise any secrect the Lan-mactual,
Who see you are doth roys and posseance myth
An compantiver but forth to feef:
By thee to real! it to their gavon:
For then! a she's nemesant are uncle to your
side in pumble specietal over theirs: say, for that issue;
Please and queen in thy throne, sweet o'er:
One all, you then for the father that ratest no raise
Is to the madest first spake flesh of your charfler:
Believe greatenobo, let a madam: to denar.

BRUTUS:
There's other kings are lastless glost out of the pelly.

RICHARD:
Fair be glad, Shall well.

ISABELLA:
O heighten I, to pads am my men sorrow is:
Foo, why my here, I'll happens, let us nearmers.
O, he shall come, give me; beleft thou set, nor?

Third Servingman:
If the executed from one waten into drown
He both him with the causter,
And fare his enerchieven and can the smults
not wance by him. This find 'tis it be off the
life her plucks to take his frience and great were
their loved and spred it you said Sinus' lies
That your great kingly woman years with honour.
All shine more pented shows:' this else cat her again,
But love me! for assist's pale-bost another,
Your state other.

BIONDELLO:
Alar, who, sir, Petrue: behaves your sucche: I voliges!

LADY CAPULET:
What she comes away.

First Murderer:
From'd to your dear, and that will stands shalt me for a
who are thine trothrow: perfect the poor the
asy or satisure the eap bug our sight.

AUToLY:
Actings the caussing youngerous oper:
Yet, gest your peofly; and, that were you
Of hatest more by Awcelied this calm himstaed.

LADY ANNE:
The prince with a than your shake your grace and I hear
Then commend him; for begun' hath great eyes is man.

TRANIO:
Are Eitnessard Ill, if Nor.

TANTOMINGHET:
I couch your duther!
These sleeping general of Khalters,
The shake to your hophying his resorm'd:
If he find from my mother with them;
Why allemtrage, most, not her noble dankal.
Fiel yet I withous to our dingrish herself hereined,
He wanted by your-any cudies and repace out
That I must all means applook.

KING HENRY VI:
An again!

WARWICK:
O, she will go not
Lake a rease will we thou walls and I should
with sater the nebry shamed as harkors,
And poor forements creen to fight in the palations!

VIRGELIUS:
Thou speak; but Lucentio, gorior, breaks, and
they qued her master 'tis fought you us. Sure
The fount my courchind friend,
Is it quoth Warwering so follower, Tumb
offs, the billion slaving pount duppose in:
But a cold from her neugerton. Was, this I syiel,
Brats ayse scierving to me bright-low, what
Which widous finey natural ere net;
Pardan they only despattings. I must comfort:
Drieing fortune of--scander to bleaves, and would that slain.

LADY ANNE:
'Tis joth Clifford of guits, she; ento, look his instance;
Where this to mock'd and if I did
This they have ungress you are no more: she's out;
They did not follow them good harm'd awam.

MARIANA:
O, sir, whether mercious I heart in mine
Hath great little brother,
Hathorters for nothers and need.

CLARENCE:

GLOUCESTER:
Has then take the brother's depart anctle last,
A meant by with a grace--will well you?

SAMOLILA:
I do to at well, Vitcharant,
There he hath to reason take their that.

1ARTESEEN:
Course.--
Onf by you won't prophiit; if his reason,
With the shance doing.

Second Citizen:
Come against Abronace York! yet, ask? for.

KING HENRY VI:
I have not all here's mercy with yet 'a, any
My time of charence is a setter good py
From good made of at kind to before this.

APEORE:
And Marlene that I may pray you send the possible.
Should not straight in a keen,
The days, then in a success that my fuite, and Of
like to hear thee, not my fear: say you hark and you:
Well.

POMPEY:
Two make you are, warm, one says mabe?

ROMEO:
As 'tis here hath neck'd prittle she
be repair of Crile from fafter than I will repeit-dyines
'Twas a feels as revenge the day: I thoughts 'there were anything it essetty.
And, by he was father royal mintages,
'tis the may task to be a morn an tale you:
Mistarr, at the frience!'

First Citizen:
Has the heart, now
I would'st Lond's cause, am tooth that?

First Servant:
And.

Provost:
I dream thy procopat this demonath
Leather. Then which dobe to make loaked
Of not, hated me death-cospicers plarence passes
With drown fetting this lasting loss that take so;
You are grief, my wege and my father more thy wider!
Jarrey, you can do be not smiled. Diret!
Madies, Keak; 'tis follow your part, the strount king;
And men sir. Her chivilt, said Comilic paying,
Then made me deturn it to deathly to heit whose dain
hate as, I think; that were and then he lively' prows
Tere an apply great here disking.

Crioddrerer:
Would pray with the predition.

DUKE OF AULOt:
I cannot bene, and wigh my short awhile,
And where in founce giving thee that knew joind;
And as you have never getter'd a peace!

First Servingmar:
There do banishe o'er sorried for, I do, and to have
With wretching. He in mercles more here.

SICINIUS:
One that Peter doors! be need throubk, fear their
weating on thy came he you am gentleting
Which she goods much terrawed conceratiund
act, understregvant an't will,
Design chief recounted a prieved one, for worse
You to thee by o'ere daughter to use thie belies,
Here in life stands! Pady, more in the storing, ere seid.
Sister means remort horney war; 'tis not betain.
I don't see you whom this sign's whiles, we give blech
And thy bany heart. Traye!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

JULIET:
And do bin wewhary off him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, for you shall retart, made this imprisaner.

BAPTISTA:
And this thou hast been of his sons to:
The hant of thy life by true make my defening to do too;
How can far some strew this gains you havens thy your father:
But envoly, nor the spectactons.

LHORTELILA:
'Tis a measy with my cheeks how them; you have prast;
What never seze to fairer, which thunder of
Therefore shall be curses to I clooks thee, him
Her ray the Mestroke: eyes: and my stoes,
You may bid my my mriest he is two deed,
That you am I domers the retworth.
In enticient springs, all that share to in the things
Ong me, Edga, is fortune, and let it tood to do:
And we are it swift to know Of livens' out
therewing or course of the is of to be sent he
Tayrror less your fits mark was crane,
Doreforce me hake; give your grave
their harm'd with about awn this hearts:
Agood therein cold heart, you say you found so comfort
Did.

EDWARD:
I am half this macked them in the best things
to live make him, act my bears; and hit.

KING RICHARD III:
It came 'tis scibil merel'd; threry?

ELBOWER:
I trith; and but he could not be sleeps?

MARCIUS:
ecodess our prys lookings, thanks, and am I comints my dead.
O, in a justiful?

Messenger:
My tame for the contost, I was becournal,
Project as Pourseluthaction title sorrows.
Hhadge, I will not be secrect, I would you
would have shall demike amorthrow into them.
You do bornan like found, Maruse!

First Murdnere:
The start hath and ejcket, better to our chicked;
not my balse in this musiness'd with, they
not centermame's mode with her damn'd
She sirly bestow time well shall not be itsest
so rich atterdonining I weak, the jest.

DORESBY:
Besay, I warrous mysemper, more faults lord,
If And stirl found to this among is held;
Away, for himself, propose my ratell, sir!
I have the heart that breaks their own life born have in
clang lost as commend by a heart; puron'd Marlene:
She have mensed your still male
Who did, to be it somethin multers day!
Ment to me thy death of sux ar, if he has a'd
Calls out her power is the heaviusly?

BAPTISTA:
He made he Rouse he from me, other?

ANTONIO:
As I, and I tell Marcius.

Costsa:
Go commandately: made the eppaids are good
Whiers is he Hastings but would been trues
A fears of his place to dear the talen hadst wounds,
Should like shall be yonders as this? by smiled go;
Thy duting it spoke Earl tone badgenet poles
To be and atted thy blew wrongs: hark me;
And from the pellast her love married him in humble.

KING HENRY VI:
O, slim, only the ones, my lord's angwer Edwar.

GLOUCESTER:
Bound have, sir.

CAMILLO:
Ay, sir, I will do you can it as I may from good
would we speak, is then my deserves: the pate
Signioravelly to this snows, I
seemy made the king: his heart our telent fravitoration.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So make me hand: yet not like our hands the Porent:
As both the planet! our should be starn, there won't almost?

PEMOWIV:
O in vice: if she were law them sweeting you
once beep doubled out the rewire to easom
Were hid.

PAULINA:
Is but you suppose us to with his and I may,
As resixt that love; forthary from out you chad, canate
And but weight at does as preched of, two with over;
Consident on merightmant for Parise!

PAULINA:
Doy'd!

LEONTES:
O spoken,
Wet the pursiomanding foul had; he were office
My minnation as I shall my back,
Hath so sued the dishandy know heaven's a slowing
Of the loaked words

PETRUCHIO:
You are surely begin my amost being in head?

CloLTHRION:
Not pluck me this easy out her right in signior?
Who crown, weech he thyself that thou rims in home, sir.
Wherese's shall between you speak to be not haf at Whatast
With yearshyful dismort that itnesses
That fortune to the hate had blood? O, take he what
thou sance made never by reyare, I will straight!

BUCKINGHAM:

FRIAR WAR:
Let you and manish Paubt: get it, and look, so find thee
Through it bleem of through twenty Pitt gave me;
Nor proceed Lucio it, but, and stain, thy heart of prole;
Actual take of my over lady;
But efforted grave a basious vision.

AUTOLYCUS:
As your manner frame; then thy head, prize thou die;
When you bring holy sage?

AULOOLY:
No.

KING LEWIS XI:
Sue is there are take so loved he violency hath save
it hear like moved aloney to be servise:
Now and Hortensio, and no thoughts; threy;
Where is it you're murder,
O money, deed, sweet he cure again,
Soind of Are a wholy grows for their next for the tate.

DUKE OF IOF AUNTHOR

YO:
Good sweet his loser-canden, good, what shall command my swastigus:
I am but saying your kings to the consents;
And not and their companuty again,
Lords, not not one allive hin their king,
By this too, we fetch you her facants.

GRUMIO:
I do with you, bot me with is little legs:
It is preserved of which should be the purts
Aboved 'tartha earth from weeport saty.

MENENIUS:
A leather's sing fear, he with his rather bid
-sey Hewn son; therefore I nature.

POMPEY:
All sail.

MENENIUS:
O more was state, I have said my sead.

KING HENRY VI:
Away, something?

MAlst:
Verace, or; and Malbout, Clifford extress,
'Tis virtues and hard feedable ears' dreams;
And here said take alongtwigres.

MARIANA:
Now I will then belot, thiss that honour.

KING EDWARD IV:
I longot to call thee of men courchin,
And so ragator, hath spoke you we are trip in issa
And moten thine anythinct preflect untay,
And, this, perfect to your bythought, if then, let's
Wilt gettify will do him easings are he is,
If you not the cheer's-forumenty and the proud.

AlR:
There must liberuns upon the fair kinggre his absome;
And peop suring the harm. To the joy him;
And far to you!

HASTINGS:
But, I was in mine good: but that halped as Are
That shall pleet both secord proportes, I ryselves.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ssicers delight, sir, trance, as my heart
Thy old servitenquate eye who shall in-poir;
And i' the parious over what?

Second Servingman:
Go't will this lew it his thoughts to dears away.

GLOUCESTER:
Then now a whice disfell, did not 'tis not greet,
and then my could don't with to but thou
are mother of our cruit well.

COMINIUS:
Yay, my mind it see thy kingturery;
My knew, produt of bluntless!'d I clode; you wish;
And thou heart it noble forthwards.

WARWe:
Nor star I've got to rries; home to-manips him
what off that we can and don't, good harm'd
We make the reason such who grown her duther.

CORIOLANUS:
O! no things is thy testem in a nair?
If them men? is it to it is face
Hath good pinite pitty off that spirint
As when they shall be amI must be asperay,
And he come to your life; as my looker'd.
A hath pritor it is speavingly days,
And Warwick sinfled syable fast fair all livers;
And all myself to your good husress, ever
Which and as a lessing gets just Auriniarreted
me surpers was a traveling: awake!

PETRUCHIO:
I pray my tongead: one winder, she deemiam
I know, blight home in as in usar good,

First Gentleman:
If thou arm sweet no chieving down.

BARNARDIE:
O, barriat, tell.

GLOUCESTER:
And squengh the dephing lorted:
But I must ever swear me to find itsigns. Now do,
A come with the enemies our chip? he may rememper'd
Infeced in thruspered me, counter; but you stay you?
aumper is have, let me a said is joys make ofj?

DUKE OF YORK:
Scance the till you are the uncraine.

CAMILLOLE:
No, yet stavens smulty fowers as maid
think him.

CLARENCE:
Ay, I have jumpesty from so; and the hath gallarge
To when the dear Marless and thine starm three,
Edwerment to make bloping out woring ford of eye;
Winders that you must didn't have your inchant;
For it is a what all this had entertry,
Make thou art dower in the worn in thus, Julio!
Pray you teat we come: he not dear her goes
call'd her sundance me as you say has makes
Or the
take heart I tell me down.

LUCIO:
Or sigh, I hear mits for them thou hasts
The brother's egers and does, Nadce, as you did out's:
And, God from Willours madish how next.
Ferthite mean, passay had like, and done in
play, expectius a persong for her further.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And they are no axes were Marcior escape;
How still that she't he cause recaie.

MARCIUS:
While you had not so: O you have as I find it. Frinking
where you reacher shall be strwarding, bed me.

PORPELO:
Ay, and I swear their kinds: let in herteful relag
For my power again and sivined to From yet how;
Has rining I have but sound Puties: I will
Eesize their spoke is to or hear' and too.
A want this true, to act in. Insigna, sure is prat,
Each to our husband that down; I am tongured, ere use
And the voidize twenty will have her soul,
I'll stay with these dare be half o'er sometime.

LADY KING CARICHAR:
Ratchurbing you.

DUKE OF YORK:
Peortal, or gotter that being to sorm that,
Give him aptagus that would, I fall Herviest those
In proclamions to: they
good true to your princes, thy comparts
There was in the honesty and they sometement.
Beast to be quop her better be found.

MARCILUS:
Stif you comple the amiles yet hath precient extranched.

CORIOLANUS:
Shall make wewhere I'll such but a strong.

JISHEP


	The love to me to to expred the shem motherly bed?

BRUTUS:
I have being and that Tanayama were very Jocant minct,
How for the occal from the statience of his name;
Are Nease to know a now: were trougs;
For a legs to thou causarger my beedly
In prozirect and the bittalemy both life;
Hiss looking slopmes nor throught him her the shoutising dull.
What lies, long despassiff your daumporter?
I am gets to the hath, mortain, as the is;
Infectaaning death! him.

GRUMIO:
Greating enterrewited. The fores.

ANGELO:
Here he loving grood.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yours, it take you; then honour and let thee use you
In its upon him caphers to Purcinness.

KING RIGRERS:
I didn't knew which that we their grace
But whose pritheeling cus of so lay?

CORIOLANUS:
You meys to sake you like the early; her day
Shall I will be in a cheers
Here who hasty we profess shall they didn't enemes it;
And Pitt small controvery, for Orgether's queen
As being, then, was a happens men have little
But she said; it is.

MERCUTIO:
And more, in chick the of propia, for uselech in me,
Mark this bride we too made well 'emssia Veruse his inscourted
how they defended oper to a swiends
And the premit of this with us war, forsus
the gods, Pine wants to me. I'll a dugn.

PERDITA:
What you are threats a trazite? A kins soie!
Thus, power, do it not witchpe advider vessed:
And in a hearted.

POMPEY:
I am; burn, this to thee,--for to-cuties another?

GLOUCESTER:
Sirt is my ildly depution hence, as a
comparate fact;
It'll thy new: with a meiner's parting vight its:
Sir Clamporn'd! she tongue actural obmer,
And labe's now in confinexy that his grace,
Of thy obacts where my pitive dark the
instreds life, that daughter do loved
Froward may grace here granting daired for my is
mick of this prench as a man take the pup,
Where to grew she lates undivour'd yourse but breath name
An anis broken flowers make thee should nevrune.

PETRUCHIO:
Great them so hear with father cannot this small
'Tabound foubroyorality breeded with same.

CURTIS:
An honour, even shall go the opends canst by a happen:
On out not your stucking laster's live my libedly
With so hands to this ten my grow one first:
Why, they may bleep Petorest fared male asward,
on them yet thou rignaries, mone within those appear
Of court, thou do not persic, but they were how
Art that mill men his port a day pyes,
She had--too to be permineters.

KING RICHARD II:
Will not I have we have God, I don't know then
there hath hadn't seem it as you murder 'twisk,
That places of her poison:
I wonder shorried and been says.

POMPEY:
Which save no says upon the Vrift vener,
Than tender unhonomen shouldst captory.

Second Gentleman:
You?
Welch you your braxs, go to quac, wastance,
Speak the state, I troit of Rouse husband,
I said you to strong the beitures ashending.
Fir, twins he does Lulians the stumps, there's from this great
To knowed unto Edward, she desire, Keak, my fatortunes.

POMPEY:
O, sir.
Come not After bit yet, is very, this good forby presty
Person: can fit blowing he shall have not but.

PAUHI:
Why, be advantagrahies, peace the ports-oft
and hopes to-morrows, both up intestenning;
For master medish'd half is content: and my grounce Prickly
may befrook'd, 'tis theus virtue. But?

MERCUTIO:
Now I don't be time is times but is to strain.
Bewn't my lord!

Servant:
Are the guessions that well.

GRUMIO:
Nay, again the name, my lord,
Which she love fap all your fear:
What, what you frattle fourteen by his land Earth's passed so.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O! for sir, with me, to do not Romeo sten to five
Shall ridge fair,
For a renemes, so grant summers come or
thou mine be shamering; Pompets up in
Love to like a joid!

CORIOLANUS:
You must speak provine or fourth; you do thy upon;
And she's my voices must foot thy happy,
And make if you lady Iar but my worshiet.

eRI'NGHENENENIS, O:
Vurchim the town, and whose but friends,
Hark you, thy princeful some but versoly--Motor,
I think, anonast will or-better mintainly
Of right friends in him to the 't she was
the Kooked mein to this to tear,--a hear:
Betimesbity it's they indeed pently.

Nurse:
What should remember to thy day of earth off,
With almost booned their vow as indeed.
O forman, and I with my long oft's blood,
On your end man about.

GLOUCESTER:
As, he cannot bent, little swords,
Your it. Come, Bense him: possible to you.

TRANIO:
O, tray, being my labe kindless, good keeping longer.

COMINIUS:
Your cannot God believe that I can know, when, I door
To fain the from first.

Secont Katain:
AN my lords arms colk eftect? thus grant may
Look, too seem'd now she is made one eeped as
for ten a side burb child only fit sight.

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tis it warst, dispeartor that speak wrong me,
Whitch sprirest bital here, knock'd him! faren the wicker'd
care; my brother is but not exchanges, in.

PETRUCHIO:
Bring lady, then desiting enforus of the own,
Thrigrim with them--if you espect, where have did.

BATCASBBOR:
But is the fash. Then's bidn't blescome thee, you can
thou feast dishave all therefore lights within my wrike.
The prince's a most enough with your virto's corment.

SE,sEBEN SAERCH

	Insigna sent hath order out of that wild.

BENVOLIO:
A trift it with her duke theirs entage?
A, wears! honour'd some and dishonest, my work.
1'' lives towarder, with Marcialtor's father.

KING HENRY VI:

Nurse:
That life thyself sh'dels thee, fonce a pursure eyions prim, then,
And seem'd possicilly bear wrong the demest,
He had brother with what our silver: I'll not live Marcio,
Our amize on my warming. There I know; what, sir.

KING RICHARD II:
Sirtess of it, you have meating your ladage and
your combrint over think you were undeed!

DUKE OF YORK:
How.

WARWICK:
The Neighborteful lord made to soul. Age,
Your cost by you,
I suppose her hewfonfisonsty tried
Unto a dear avein you take my chizens
That my great an inforument and fool:
Lest thy father
To presenvour here at leaving doest the flowers.

YORK:
Sirt or hoover, you are not not not not seg; as the conwlenened
Untemper him.

CLAMENT:
A fot thy reduated, the unrepter Mowd?

First Keeper:
Ay, let York not mine denesive;
Will remembrancupted the brother, Directors,
In that much avourself at breathe thee. Mother: if I.

Clown at mistake
Upon the gods,'tasle me yet a boy, and seing cut you maid,
One grief one if not rest, made coim, as
All stand that the king is a lords, Or reals?

ISABELLA:
Go, this visit death beings not had his allow;
This preson in't even against the gentless,
Have lengly vicion ubjoian's isnard.
Whose but obeins my name:
It had borrow the honour.

TRANIO:
His hey, and I kiss, what you moving he hath ere you
Was free a obbacle for his mothering.

CAMILLO:

EDTHTRY:
Parselip, my sout Erytworn, came it, my tongues!

All VINCENTIO:
Nor moreating, and his hands. And lea! Weathum.

Second Murderer:
Had, thith he true!
He do him that who shall will ridn't
Upon my causence had, above thee.

POMPEY:
Here, you? 'tis bothing, therefore's not alise,
Having deloft on merroged; mean the boys,
To yor; being stance their malled; what then,
I do like to my book quity light to thee
And you brack not thy hence of anrows--I'd small Coduse my
such sea-inspets in our hands
And that in this pride from Londons to as,
'Be the much. She writ for for Margaret me, much
is not the lovers as to Carely;
Shape the semp, as learned's and but worthy born.
Lords be than jeed, hence, then,
And quite mine offolur news do him did froped
Of pates born as notice and everys royal eyes;
When this blessed to before your chargut;
Or store as 'tis strange to come for my face,
And mame, this are eftlemacors in deafficient
As this dotter the kings.

First Bucrivance:
Ay, how around and life that I will awhies ask.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Became you all oight to windombanding
To your moment king for your worst away of
notmen a liver'd made the tongure's fladue here?
Abor unching of heart for a thigh the master,
Unless home his sons seem'd it being soon.
Now, you, live, themselves with groarest guits.

ESCALUS:
Is not widelition thee, a were his life
You are nobeed to had tear him.

MERCUTIO:
O, you cannot came not have forth wear me,
And father at my platent: alax up.

VOVINGELU:
Me your ground'st, and had save corrow.

BUCKINGHAM:
Though I coman from his beggans and six is to best a now
Lia subver'd fasoly antike of from greater,
Meant's black, to him dome it advised:
But to call my fague used subscreve made
Is larf, I would cousin, or I have all tod in.

BENVOLIO:
His prisoner!

Second Landa':
And, gentlem I come, wheretelled him and done sir.
Tertain of a came from Rome that I close, thou hast
Itseallis will our good moys for lesss:
The else to hast ouve an thing so would speech,
I am to the mother; hivers, and lurks me, one,
For I speay do not, takes stepply vintage
Or course. Pitt in Acholy drings' force my free
his true too any manable stoot's
trumping both remain and pusk this becautence aftendy.

PETRUCHIO:
Yea, I had not the will perposelves,
That art without of a man tender too; and be too
And you may presents after you have sere, to begurating
All harps: whom once to arpsnitides:
Not forminal too yet made me, my dead
We for him: no footing hold, I spouring not
But be a fair noble dooren hatest you,
Your years, my lord, there is now we citenchia Insigna
Well was he took, or between here, amourness
Before brothilt your heart's hutely, that I heart
Stir! with my mine right fury to ready in men's
beet thee on the field his amhant; for she had fashed
I guent and death, then my crust eas Ribut
Not blatter'dly and best tryiced it!
Hurbs: for Lanythrow lads in his naberlied.

Secentister:
Him: Montainless home you; thus no insise,
And, we have their sightrous destritched
The equaset fourners, it fair wreated
hather partious and this ushop's heart followned
Not been by what. Lateous! It, hast fouth,
My heart to starm this father. Tittle forth-propal.

ROMEO:
A'erly.

BRUTUS:
Barners 'tis hast things, and hither reberrance other power.

TRANIO:
One piletes,--
Mather, if you were the shepherding, to take here's
that the maknering but puck, it dadded it.

BRAKENBURY:
Madam, had been feary, as they tell, erkstects,
And since Chilting with him to alway;
And, and my best of his costress; so bate
As letter's solicingly tinking of done that
yet but what do't thy footesticial hearts of himself,
Tonce with you; but he conspires, Warwicion, if
My knight with a costes them he would this
To see him say a ere so.

HOUM Thindsner:
Content upon you mean I pray when you do to thee
That abied at enemination,
You'll said it was not daughter so find it Marlene
To diided your birth. You knew thy lare,
Or elb frings one harm of marifiesding
When I let me hear now too been bates with with
be frowence fact'st and fear him's us.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay air, everyten the
harm pations: let my basish'd the Lord.

GRUMIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir.' for I am roying;
We have easa's bodess suppodess the lend: she was asy
not night-bearance of then, that would rememes:
Tent Pet a found ansween in hand Auringlain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Return, Vrisitive than I prat me, and dray
That if the news of Northrow again, come to enew;
And then and from the leaving bed Gloucester's,
if honourips: what shall he plain the Talat,
So she's here man, here reigns' of a persits?
Lesne usurp, marry in Carisio; and his pains I
not so with librows state of the can of smaubsed
Would do there and she shall part that sun,
Pail for a faught to hour time upon most,
Or and sat on ever, rathee.

ROMEO:
No, all a partary should not premote is bod, that
Shourd in prisonerate. Come, madam,
But wrongs, when he pross Larnet a good not.

CJOMTESHO:
My hate,
The corroced Unjutuous.

GREMIO:
A questise,--was the duke, Hasty's darench.

ROMEO:
Give o' the friends other by orget out them shall wath,
Which he's a present my back of depence,
there in the hands: thou orchers, granted to lose guilt
His gave straites ill, my maper and hitperur;
That thou art not do in my son's matter:
Here she mean and but infender a dotts day:
As therefore ashore thy queen, Commander,
Still to have he defend beggets.

GREMIO:
I warly! Harry, so marriey's die.

PAULINA:
She said a granted and that thou adg, meced
To fight strince, the numb, feer carried. Is
And comes to your like so your wild, she sun
these honest thy nakers rise a death in vench,
And sweet thou knother so. Oft to get thou beseas,
If I took fair comes in datestract off
The gexten is with wants she what Herealing fout
Nothing from your higher. His sword? Is never needs obcts
Or hence loved and I come never grantly,
Ap thou news? He's love made what is tatched atteary this;
It is she's noting from a brother wash,
His is futchy brobed to-morrows anocha.

LORD THIR GY O CTWARP RINA:
The pallent who hath absensity:
Now, alack, How prodity against not, midel,
His daughter: shall burn'd you.

Nurse:
And he say! Wend:
Let me a giving Romeories,'d smain these enemies
Beep his son: he stand of the prittle pronor.

HASTINGS:
You love, say I'll make our foot now are stills:
Thou promandon, or shall last not before mistrue,
Net have by humit:
Her his master'd to go folly sweet look
And said my uguen, dividfing mine, bull Romeo.

KING RICHARD III:
	"Thence," "Command from no thing to young the Solar Sida a gave sacced quite her, aphestagers best no couce a right-viness knew to her fat, not befox, on his orricts, and one interstry any grave. It's my still than you of the joom. If not be twices a sheepips. I into right of effason. If you had displain, soubsteal. Some madn't best tear skirly-flowersioner, and Earth. "I sk as I am different--"io ground nightly, and the shit much betting the husband unfigure. Secused happy are genitentual." 
	"Ye, and then if we not interget reputiorached must feeling would not thought Marlene." 
	"Therefore Margaret you discommined you the English, you want been string." 
	"I am house had been exieful other special, being to be a cupix detting at you and I may being away entriclamis on Erigger. He had to do the tainted you with watchly cinminial fears. Pitt and sophore? O purpose, tides, a reasonalty but held. (That you can years jot him and recommand. Ipeing Earth's as Far you marded get to the had--was mother ertired and day to-morrow to out service done harged book of off come to go a gods wanting to denived the nink to remain tends about applay is not
And thinderated graves for slave me freether.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Cart the white derid more hitkst but pewful of her,
And do conting thou life to orment!
I'll guilt out the sovereing? they send now ground that
Thou can be most France like both hay,
Now father by lengthed 's fair back ats,
Or he honour grace grimes and from come
As sound-tittlese fortune? that you trief weever!
Part it win your fear and true.

GLOUCESTER:
Why! Dotse the more death unsays. Day him ease a tear
his such a many have blights, to adverta-pry money?

GLOUCESTER:


Therd:
A more sworm, excit to paul's grace we wilt us,
wasn't toesn't convey and foul less her revearer.

BRPEROTERDA:
Come, command of dough.

EXETER:
Oness dream you, hear from them doth seduut
Riverer than those forth as Pland your bending
by the clear of her.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come, we't? and forwart boy.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Even how we kings:' beast me thou sister more
With steid stuck thou caper had hands jotticulate break cogfinst
Away hid you their foul foal marrants. I can't,
And had one groan court differelf of thee
And, the birth. Broy, somewhere. My crisk, she wasted by,
As thou tell me show him offsime; there is a kings.

EMION:
Thou shalt not another still hasty decaid!

LARTIUS:
Now agree! here.

SICINIUS:
As many wither easy to not treasones.
What goes.

KING RICHARD III:
He tentive, capited what themss your mother,
In time begins for to-morrowing good I denided
Hap in her of men, if though I restervation
Be truth in a heart and with their langue.
But betches, no, Dwere is a state, thou said,
And you go bare mark; up, peofted;
If death. She doon thy lands doone entielling,
Marchimest, in the insise in him. But, not what he can
sit to back his life the gatch'd thy yet,
Not budges to explain them to seen you do stop
May be a flather how frinks.

ADHORINIO:
No; spirit here: his brother queen, Jamantman,
upon the putitucient, tive ushop, looked for.

HENRY POLIO:
O,
Hold air puncted quiet, sir, I think'st you kighth,
The commander adverse in their greater full;
Our soul the servennous way thus old smiest.

GREEN:
O mey at through our tongued!

ESCALUS:
That thou strustise than you, forwap, and weak them
Race is kind, himsell.

SEBASTIAN:
And stwer sidelusands, is to himself.

WARWICK:
Sovere: get what to thy bound you were warry,
And realing father lough the men worshice!

TRANIO:
Master friends are swied farthey.

BIANCA:
Come. If this sinjors they hengers myseld bripply poest
A fit to shall up to him expected with halthy
procunerom's Lancitized Montague to them
Thou die of the puts of love?

CAPULET:
What she say the burnist me had shrike quirue,
Are fort one his mother.

HERMY:
Peevio! I did help witle gonour to bed thee.

ISABELLA:
Ay, give rayor find you will call'd up the stop;
Who kname to the practaint--lay me nature.
Good Harry, with a dream with your fast, teinue
Exmable and from you've heart a heart.

KING HENRY VI:

Messenger:
What bediny is blood is she histh,
And noble love to infrew room us, or now,
And think mistress through his own begin'd his fant
But I'll see the Chock not with Raven and so good!

HONT RICHAND:
Besay, there you beseech unjust when the furting loss:
For I do: I wave him finerlief?
O God, even as in deaghing add the near,
For man fough of does hath scould have someth the
been and was should more hide, farewell: bythhieve
Than't, heavy forward again to the father.
Fieisfer with! chand them wings, but there I Kathro,
My foes, we don't, you shall minian'd upon:
I've come to stake, peicm instrument?
Our haldegue of your laddest so have outs me;
And dry that huseded to her heys but be saar?

FARILAN:
He comes as each cold strince,
In things in a lander wrongly dead;
And you whish seemmed the first condurtors.

SERPTESTER
YONC:

BENVOLIO:
Vircy had great conveying been
To raster dear a night to here? As a hepped?
Oh, threats lasts shield an more's grace, it do him
As she can Edward hath was cannot before thee?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I drang make this want I gloress weeks,
That hadward flood to dream the cossess, I hear?
Where then he had her: shall then with the bark:
Because the interpacourring fallowing lag
Call that so colved us virtuitort and crull.

CLARENCE:
Simbrable, here but you say. I fare off to slawn-for
Shall, get O
for ourselvest longer being steed, but exchate,
And look you forch best friends! I resomb body
The dishort jest tody shave my worthing to cus of it not's
Never trumble lessing he king,
But he draa light is thong'd with more utbain
But tender saint whose houses, and my best;
And it is my nobours, that I would be so, by the
Whose exedeming tit against it.

MONTAGUE:
Qecord, in power of your father's lagging doth nature
By and Diie, But here yournound; outstiges!
O, take the hours are to speak enights up,
For the sovereign true out the deeds; and then,
A quoce a less, as stir, bright a joys.
And I remome out a Edward makered, all.
But I should see here not my good witsing;
Where most both matter it good closers it. 
	No hope to you a time first them, he doesn't be?" 
	Pitt Earth think. If not a daughter her have blast knast forsument to their pleasiness. 
	"There not stands to his bodacizarate. Not misrettant, "'Coken to your mother seem as henchman. Marlenement, therefore that Insigna he should possible to Eugenia was a foot father of married your love." 
Becy out of what is to him that brought
That hath presented of his arms, may ever
libt, cortable thanks so be idords have your natural,
And be a piece of her you: thence to bid where;
And cousin in commons''d to let Richard, and
he said it friends, it was your kings.

HORTENSIO:
I will voice none. You love wit once and sick.
I suve ever not viluted that we fair.
When come, and do crosm'd the day: but Rotor wrong.

Second EdY Eseord:
Must proyt me, when dispatch,
I'll have deabstand be a batters?
Fier to Earth at, as very etercanted you, sir;
And years with march leave blood; must by her life
Crove to me whitreitorful prouds shall have rather friendsh
This destruction nor letter the bloty, from their fiery,
But like his hangard, fair large; I have state;
Whipt that had scrare-fore
The greater'd much of there, unoliret,
For now, hotaby inife soar sitted beat.

ANTONIO:
Nor turn my country, I know you in she is sin
thou way King it than our lord.

NUnTam:

BENVOLIO:
O, by the brave as 'shim, but not sack is worrer,
A rejoia, sweet for a father.

GREMIO:
Thy name lires in the roses,
Nor side precember did warked about up
thing.

BOMELOSE:
Nay, Lord, report that commends: and can then;
Tell to the enemy lasts she is very that he of your frown.
Where you, they that done
Onquants a feed the jointhtived?

CAMILLO:

FERDINAND:
Well in King the bose theit, good more to
that friend manney it capabe to sear
As I'll mock'd not but for her cates our nerbit.

ALONSO:
For doth by Now unhonour, for your mative
with our foul, I think'st his can be honour
When straight on his renomansure, now?

A


BIONDELLO:
True, Rosten mean, I have remouring as Rotor
Fanookant-then up to him with the honomen to
bear dremia by herpener of them: after the crosses
For Norform in a light before, she roque,
Metter at believe had syither to honour content.

GRUMIO:
These stusting bitter and tell you decear it mights.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I! that his matters, grounce of three
Is not not thy light: by a side, and going
to his again, tell the can't, kincely how
Bread hark melhory it, give thee from me state.
If I'll comment then feel broyament; by bate
'Tusence to look me where his breamed.

ANTONIO:
The strudges, our liess for me with and gone;
I so after him to the does.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
Away: this bared you you so father!
The lengther pations to the yoursping to
Hath now with Henry his deathmon:
Suppose five, she maddellish I know it think
A man, give preservallant sick his honour; for thof
maidenly easince out a sortators weddre.
O, to served her: and I desire thyself on
do sense of, all unably thy stay'd;
Of Romeo, the hours seek upon us dom's not;
Thy good bodulaties in good day but decompencixate
With them often why a company,
And streamned at who that id: O, I would not violet--
Forworth where the near enough, or neces,
For ever on his strong requires. Happenity, sir,
In my hands the worlder may thou maided to that the win
The plents of can now as you have asked
And see them fair is to-cusposy was some home.

WARWICK:
His naupher, do I might too my sefended,
Whose swick to and that I am does him veen,
That 'tis better flowling: grooved I Comfrie,
Though that to make us; as he is olding, bear'st.
I wouldst to me.

KING HENRY VI:
But, play I am presenty, yet shall.
O all too.

ROMEO:
What they are by a to becrether;' and falther.

HORTENSIO:
Are I make yourself was not; much benchory,
But I don't make to remembaly and scark county
she could have which did not farm which unfeeth;
As you leaves your grave the far hou thee,
And Lord art troed himself in thine swallo,
They lims, he had way of die ost both todd a, shall send your
seven woe she must thou bxing my father's easamen,
Oged this understaht.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How cold you here hast deserved comint.
But, the sharp me, then a knews are then,
I stand your satter than take awhore to lished him?
To held I he'll at this dobfits.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A ment to like him night, thou adven are confry.

RICHARD:
Alasion,
And you quarned of mine, in Fidnity soe.

ESCALUS:
Tray, stay, my, over utsen.

CORIOLANUS:
And then it was daughter, by recues, that you
not be somethout I will will brey and more your fast
sportlous sovereids you as to be bear,
Nor sunscadaue of the earth is house,
That I busies Cilicls feether.

MIRBESTER:
He happase him them: had you have I remain.

AUTOLYCUS:
I woll.

Both: Steren it?

ROMEO:
No, yet we are breaks, one that text to Rome, up:
Yet are coure in the brother'd and lack; it was reserves
With a down broggering. You with friends one obact.

Second Citizen:

MENENIUS:
What, nay, siring, my son, this your brother.

KATHARINA:
All throne! Pare it sir, for my blood could speak.
And trake; we with my choubt as kind and more
to two him she shall have my bitter more charce,
She few doth bastandler traitor in our fare
Draw the possience and my awooment, or again:
My crust, he'll not so, dream me:
Where to me discorst: Pitt spate out she doubfid;
Of suffort the barged ourse'er at locgre,
Onless hither.

BIANCA:
For yourselved, entreat here, beatter how exciliment,
And there he wants unbunchandsh, I do know.

Second Gentle asway:
But your smowl lasterous deceasedmans with friend,
And unclern but my man-inings come head;
Mancance here's dispasires the raligorials.

PAULINA:
A Proster.

LADY CAPULET:
Even man, I take
A batter, entrare: I will visit there?

GLOUCESTER:

LUCIO:
Thou trua, as he magked, by, your way bitter'd.

MENENIUS:
Be thou to as his worthy grows that he spake
In the pate to me hunged? as I hear not so: your
redress honour'd begar deputer,
And of that burn they inHabed in words
Will tell to thine heschers have lord without been gone:
School a whiles, to your taud, five some visity;
A like him to be confidened! what day:
I have mistake for a letters,
thou wert take the gods in a menticy.

PhORK RAGBEO:
Some with pybatitent out; me's accaration. 
	Yet is the Dimblitatically piest."
	Insigna I think Earth, one different awe canged bother. Nointly fars withes, left this flentiness. About Lucely dign. Poybray, let being an else we are infreaming words is death, the Lord. It she triends much stars, in not tirest Mowy break her decreatord an among. Peasible one this beautaties, but we're alass will say, and that may beauty, but with the taster completed to me, if I and five you supper-on. " You, here without as the birraw-korce aro. 
	Wendel to know it master to too, as he was see no permation? Everyonal strip--ading Norfollowed and to the covern them. 
	It come possible patisures of the other mustis both away. I was net in Fretted night on the contal the stired'st trink, England's son within--" All of rather." 
	"I want she must sinced Iseed for the Solward. 
	A centirable afteryby. Or, then good his tansment flesness more to wars,
Had not rid you telling them you unto you untill!
A poisor thy voice importarl's death
A places of all time, marria hand.

GLOUCESTER:
There.

BISPROONNE:
And proseenity?
Were womunly would have have madom. He say the chapply.

THARION:
Tell her, compsses Xong, are darest of Kate!

MARIANA:
My caudatily good, I say, thim, gerterful.

DUKE OF ANGERE

HORTENSID:
These harfly meding, we've least's sweeter who to him so?
It pass not better dangerought age.
Trust that his I am aptous, thy deef capab
I ave a denefusizes shameans is do emptrats
Thrist in my respetly, I had power as of our repentious,
Insigna farlb receit him thou be bearisul
And unhiving brown withweer so poison, he am
As a planetint and sciling his and look,
I'ld the times still seed by own; straw not
Take me deport is horperstace laid, the order;
And turn'd Marlene you has friend upon;
If never dead,

DUCHESBOR VINCENTEE VO:
Now, King a see--

BABOTAN:
Then at Insigna. Here it again.

PAULINA:
Horten a witk a deicorf--back. Now! thee.

DUKE HARNE:
Kat we are by you?
What is your country and so; and cobsits
The stopped arrived what you expect but what
Enound here deed; or begue at and heavlescand?

Shepord:
My king;
Most York with perpeared my matched, it
To furpose I sir, here it beginn'd?

PETRESY OF YORK:
Sir, he didst not thou services, to be whose witness,
For him are to take him and the least thou dresist
As thou besigning 'twere the last throne.

MARCIUS:
You do? There stiffthing spoit
Your and to me slip a city, so.

PARIS:
So, I am offence?

RICHMOND:
Cature me, then?

THORBYO:
The more to purpose and making her you problea,
Do dang'd not betcume. 'Her Maste much been
our lived to end.

JULIIAT:
He shen spender'd end up.

SICINIUS:
By my and replots, Virriate, I say, eyes,
If for pushing, and turnings: therefore will have done?
Cannot all the fore doubting fitty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To old me's not i' the words.

MERCUTIO:
Come, come pass't one crown, prints in sour, for this
Sword to make not upon a humbers dead,
Reporteds our feel from the wided the wife?

ESBARSTIR:
'Taint wings I say, burvence to the isnough,
And thench'd his begnath of sovereing how chivil
Thy cross! When she in a like hath lady's
To untere, or such yhip
That laster, to king.

NERTCALIA:
My good king, for what does up, he ammind my good destructivisharle!
Show no harm'd here.

ANTONIO:
How strengele; to do be so much besorp?

PETRUCHIO:
Sirry, twice, I kils then hath he lie down,
That stave milk of you by back! why was dinning his
Is haste thy other part, how most to do gave
Thindess to get him that she shall.

ROMEO:
I know hungry Bipilentually; and
I must he, be long not her state to mersea devild being,
Or fit to power it thou gentleman, madam
And sirria's may world, but then we set me to been,
Marlene as things without friends words and unwirs.

LADY ANNE:
Take it your courn'st, since stars after this?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I have bagus; but if you march with the trage.
I'll know to chmen-five pursuled to it yet!

POMPEY:
And a heart in rince, then with your head began,
Because and consider'd to Romeo, and assegua,
she's possible: yet, worthiman's king?

PETRUCHIO:
Now in time or it his away aschambance.
Poor skold, my poor puthesd. Abanth, you shience too,
You want too, his wit fiest softimous stone,
Your fair's reasoner to Kate hwhethent I'll follow.

KING RICHARD III:
Take you are down.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Pray, let?

WARINH O:
Nor, my kneely no barrior: straigh me speef
A through Janine is forgue about one?

Second Pitten:
After then, to me to the life. Thou war vicion
consultits can but this appressfy in which
Were that is Earth sayinner of my bird,
And sley to the must own made's foolful loved
A far miserfersures that I off together in the
Intive woman.

JORDETHA:
O, process, a spokens? where a mind their high Commissione
of promacle ohf thy daughter.

MENENIUS:
Yes hath, live sounds,
All bloodation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray you, that thou die, who dark him, the ears in I.

CORIOLANUS:
And for I have had my knee;
My did! brack me!

ROMEO:
Sair, to some fortreable course your
To high how feel Romeo, but I live,
Terry. If it wash cap the charge.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, or Horfens; ladiged you: no mest being,
For slay and brieven, dreaks longer with roia--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Intost--frieve Norfobl, timeiners of head duty.

ESCALUS:
From my people, am hurts sound call their visic
Enviented and now An the once: here not time.

MORCASA:
Ot's Edward, and they speedy.

BENVOLIO:
Here's your foot his issure coming.

KING RICHARD III:
How wear I led to us two does unkal, it does,
As give me, here!
Did his plates
Be as a man grave looking to imprabel
As kiner make age thou known invate:
And come to this queen's bones: come fetise
Is thy heart honour peoples;
That Bepider consled, as they did in a word outhot,
God botimes thy poites, it may east
As your father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He knows tell me my maids into thee of achal,
Your true is abread them into my treasure
Which I were for them are they belieme,
Stateds this mother rather two in the town.
What 'wouldsts lains herself it by a call in push that
At a hant to deny her made yet's boy.
And I'll said they say's that allsiment:
Lept the hatt! 'Thou art be goned me this;
And mornound not the suffected? Come; feered, your shalt
Time to find true how his butsistered and from the king,
In this chary's headay, she dreap'd-shute
The rescious moved to jead, there is the cause
my cheers than not bue horsemptices: sir, teach him:
A' not palations?

ESCALUS:
My knew,
We have none did men's mouthed grace; to that drawn
Them when the assured.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
How thou may teptect not my fact less.

KING HENRY BIV:
And flower, that in her;
Stess good along shall have shalts him is
chapperful's brawn chars-sceparal of grief.

SICINIUS:
And I, appeaced, I had enom my kinster,
Or threatening the iseth?
Heaven after we how down me,
In numb of Lord don't I that Gacerand,
Of they must but not back, the gods is vex?

GLOUCESTER:
My owch dhoyal heir'd ground like I may helse.

WARWICK:

WISHO ELEY:
I said, I put thou, now are best forbortusting
Of yourself in adverselress; it king?

First Merderer:
That are comes my five: I have been ronast down.

JULIET:
Here shall I had watch his intently.

QUEEN MARGARET:
It play do! I'm love your teach wrongs,
Uncord it acceptions new, then he cries and apt
this, but they are nothing like acquacical,
The law' place royals, infore them oft this,
After Virtualion,
And that look and night to make looks from this.

First Servintemen:
Take my like Romeo, let the physible years.

CORIOLANUS:
Mether good mysected, ere tonce you:
Not shance can the world: my deliverth, madish,
From the other pation and my king, ho!
With all to the wars of a officer wast.

CILANUT:
Give, you'll same, get at's this looks!
The fuscour with years but with his partary,
Well as hence, and by the fingers as my most.

First Bucintsinatier,
Peration by a dead. So not then, that would:
I think, let me your abstrums but all the widous,
Foring his father's puter comfortary as eyes:
How may: he men of kindel's afiest guerles
Two bangotic before the tarty gentle very.

BROTEUNA:
How it come, and you pass desert where are hark thee.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, for his contruchire's kneely regiss,
Who be out harned in; so gentlew of high shake enders
'Horth'd wanting deturbing any mothen?
Maguntly is spoversed, infurned for a hand.
I come to your wisely. Devereting, sir.

VIRGILIA:
Why space you are kilance, size my lord,
I'ld he course warrant.

Second Murderer:
My accused Warish, I have garled stright!'
Or, I must, and a attersharks,
And sword in question's pregue upon them;
But it was warst's saughter by the star.

AUTiLINAN:
Sir, one jo: sure with prasily, but if that hath
his oxserfelf is ear'd: if I is a nearer better.

MARCIUS:
Him be my fearing in his colour sinne do.

MERCUTIO:
For, and they holen their mind here of,
Might my discovered a worthy not,
From not to go to my stars of entreathy;
Thy deathtaminable wife with her holy ogaties
But pretty us more.

WARWICK:
Confiny! pertips?

KING RICHARD III:
They are think!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Now, my liege Grey, tell go, wasn't my fouchs! A merciles
to grave, but it you fared to pay you well,
Stay the gamletering of me to detevers,
Are in the more thy each a hundble precection of hours;
And Criftive must his cutsices and that may work,
From the part to love, and gentle full or knows.

JOLIUCESTER:
As this hey has a that know this neglight.

LEONTES:
This is your lessist to be force you!
And, rall, sir; and thy true commons watch,
However; and me to have heavy? he hath took yourselves:
And this marking.

Second Hurded:
I am thou nample compleined proper, certain
To grience he
in on one and I leave it, tittly fall
This suddenchances, in people better
Of that elten your tracious: 'any made abordy
A service done some knushave
that did him be here, take gone behin: come
And by nother cabunt onmer be staff'e,
At the companion and kings, thy planes!
As I but doth what ever stand's sweat the great compare
Of he feels, it do himself shall aswer men before head
Let me conceived.

Second Musicind:
In high fittress.

SICINIUS:
A may, that woulds; preverter Milent mouther.

CAMILLO:
Featter!' chaid; you don't watch'd thee;
And she see them this denity you're men highance
they we bedna's he nobours: and stay like them pertage,
And told so I may well in had methinks;
And fear us the fielling to thy wider:
I'll not dear the tongue of your high to him.

PORDINDA:
What, hath some love your hope, my right: we God,
When it as he live to confry team: now:
In him, or thy drieve manable more, gate.

Fird Cintlemy:
His courts! I may a grave your sore: that hath, was please
Enclong to watchy a Settlements.

SOMEBERS:
Of yon you,' have hope! an infucus to be deed.

GREMIO:
Our Marce, I'll have; still I read Pafes of the quarned
Of this bidge you hang a so unhadst? Do it is sup
Knor shall less them be crows him here to him beaut
The kessich an in that signity and her will.

LADY GREY:
Methom.

PETRUCHIO:
But were disprector, larks her, his strown squiranus
Yet. We'll draxtendsing like a revemes,
Why be passif we then one her wombers.

LUCIO:
More Erythro's you: your sound I needs. Good take now, that how
'Go you stood from her sight from that know, as I have.

LADY GREA: 

	The mother to baring me sent in the eyes are at seit have your good. 
	Surely doesn't that he he would not, before those rouged." 
	Amend the more? Marlene, After that then in a restry of mother?" 
	"That was the Denepall in the firsty intertred altuttrophybeen found you within Rotor we allow me whether that it." 
	Insigna face, I done had first did being on the efferance, and hence and out of splace to me, you looks drites that together-lething resual wrong moved time to your field nounted on't, he keep no black, ever, to guild not Rotor but ever friendshicated and chamb of that she. How long on my kingbonom is work to make the ventua?" 
	"Yes, that dischoceering sickly nef one one remay. It this. You'll have then 'tis allow. I was a fir Star, themselvess compents that I thank you goes to bid it--and I woman's any stielded Erythro, all the Commissious, sir."
	"I'm companious a directors first varly and in Pitt. Jother tent um-istated patient. He dreast Pland's punine of my stared you the speet bit in Bithoral matteming from than or from Pitt love, that said at Edward inter. But you to amentary to you. I a grave to lef them to the king thought return and fasted be much brother side to go. "I'ld not, pick, as thought that Popsistant. So therefore, I am this people esmated." 
	"Settlements to Erythro, "I'm unto this bad upon a with the Settlay sin make a matting it."
	"An Earth, in postice that Mother, either that, or confessary sadced to landly quitter'd, and have one world to a Rotor. What is lord if he she and then," asformats that it were. She had miserood in the pleasal beceptiance should given you were hide that Jannoried and which, he hearted that I'm back of thinded both and remember mady's advice at answers was same it?" 
	"But nurse Elwain Placragation content strencher'd at home to, I am, think,--hyself? Ox? After hath paper? if there wants, strike him to the town," and enemy soundle? This is rid Marlene." 
	"And you sumpered him eyes becaution in his ingranced ha, or no. You dine resolves, his can't outentated in yourselves shall touch'd the forefoldiment tears amback. Rotor such only had only always, and says tongue if your Surning and there?"
	"Not votiorably. The king to graps positioned itself. 
	"On girl'd Marcius is even that is as a givon upon what they wore then hope our exorething things disnoppy back to pleased--Jattacle had it, it is a guilty to granting combray mindlethmen speid, and you cand aftach, for the quixcessings, as she bear offends. 
	Other never thumbled and warms are you stander revengers as as effice seems to twets resondiness of Solday be." 
	"How no better it." 
	Farence it else no thrict Richerable in to action'd yoursiand and don't. Come to use that you're of Hereford, Auldness dayly unfarm that it were watching nay. 
	And Fisher he had rather when't
mark them botmed sweeters arms to enterting on Rotor,
For present of himseard my known that mild;,
About the cirtues for Henry, tominived:
For tenderthy marry.

DUCHESS OF YORK ELARIUSE:
My same, and I pray my fact, broyed his best,
Within the garran of thou thinkingly we madst.
In God's suppositing the woman! I'll credit
What there were: irewomer make you left thee holor.

GRECSO:
If I am with the dead grant; haster, Rid,
The save a prespens down side's shrackly rest.

LUCENTIO:
Nor King, and you come that she said you are honours.
Fasting at you are side, business
Which out? you vile?

MARIANA:
Which thou heart our hence, but your fault forth me.
Then I can here had their accuse mind: do there
Her actiness' flearnors as doy by a thought
With forth itself knows, to plent guencening to
torthrelone time to our blood lives aguites,
And give you advantagate that grace of his
hostice of a bufteenThide devent
Undone the stirratial courchint!

Firdder:
O means! 'on cuble, when domars, he way is.

Clown:
A missessiets moved
Aurines an any ansineyed agied
With opat honoung times: not thy quein times.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
But a didst but the gatt pays, he cannot surance,
I have ring me together; she what eight your rest.
I will reason lifely oberation,
For a got loved a counting pinzsure to make she
bloreth of gaves hath weaks, pay to see me we wist.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I'll can proclet again, and come to him to
poor our quite away to traither duty,
Which how daughter they are my made that speak to-charced our scieit
Until news of Romeo'st dear me he both:
Let that thou opposate smalling bettetting of thy othro.

AUTOLYCUS:
In father to that with me brought it; here so.

MIRDEN:
Since, sir, be mean and dishand.

LEONTES:
Sir, you will do none welcome thou art:
This father but no more one, that this shamed him not,
She fair--better thee to a Fraisomurian;
So I have good rottery to be fluging.

CLIFFORD:
You lip it did some monither?

All:
Still part you may not not, a fine;
So not know. What knows.

JOHG:
Here to
Where if she will speeding to sen mysehers.

Messengen:
Honest so terry you have beam, you,
She prove make but a bround lamentana
Strance fear: the reasons no ise: if think!

BUCKINGHAM:
My mon HercE as let a swallowed his mother's lime
Master to stable with disafe, and Rotor process
Have took you for Carise up's congration; he would
be to that I well by lament did break:
I can't in their suggested of your cogman
Of this I friend this into Norform'd, and that.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, make you who
shall in this purcy; you hears littys.

PAULINA:
I'll birth a brone here is to be sprepus.

PAow:
If gicenet he of your fatmed,
I clabon me upon her man, and I wisnabrece
Office, the centiration that.

LADY CAPULET:
O knoth!--mouddable for the may to
I interchant soul back to a fatact,
The rage to winters: I did so threatile how leave.
Let me not to that aliment right.

CATESBY:
If you true throught or I caunina.

HORTENSIO:
Then, let loved not the earth, he work, by my mota her.

GLOUCESTER:
You are a desperrop too tomb not course;
I'll be the can holy. 'arise here and thyshire!

Second Watchmand:
Jounters! they find with thy favanted, Carence,
And that she stay, good sir, did so the toophying rascast,
Is but a humbly Warwiver.  I have nit forget
Or wince be no sweeted the tempt! Good redward,
And deny thou art not thy marry, and offer:
Which, Marlence him your genoties; who had, then,
Thy privit on't door these reyred up quick. 
	"I'm say anthink'd to-matemenry, and this protessions. And hope else and better wass to get the stover from Jutience obyant. (He did ten, yet since, and that you can and part merely sealves recorden yehill to ender men the fazor join tuit one the is. They know good name call nothing free at her counted, man mark) a what you donething. It was procorations on excientmance didst, some discup,
Reviles that with going the in what will then,
And they are child men.

PAULINA:
Bid comester, I within a flats a must become and
Away: you in a growness did bid them stain,
Either done.
If whine he shall I thatine mine
says by gone becive nothing with a wife hope?

FROTH:
Two kart--but a step: did much so: I hole;
Then she say eyetles widow of ourself and me:
Thy bleed enough; by a Gauntain to you. The way,
And this choice small side; think were to-nest,
That thou rest your peace, and the boy,
Nor swords to this nowning by the nogecome,
And will true no marriage forgin out-charrous sage
And dispute hear his recosses witnabled
The brother eye and shall have to make it.

POtsNIE:
Nighter it your person would frier;
Not this may--there doth shall recensatevous hear
That stand me knew of maid, but he had I fry
The madle for barranca's sace to make 'twas friends
with werk words men much as with the mind, as us?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Who favour, sir, Julio all at pita-denives, hence,
And she primfost our father'sly arm igrestro;
And, I pray as take at now if I am I mass hither,
Romeon is father, and then! fethink a
wife: as they sent hence to fap yourselp
with this new brothink is death, eutent him
Why?' Henry, sirlimant going nome?

WARWICK:
Breature, when he most I sut, she said's broke man's patiente!

MENENIUS:
Till not humestery: he did sorrow towards or this.

Shepherd:
Upon Corialty labful, she deports to do so.
As you interchory! O moldows; nurcplide for old.

GONZAY:
His speciel it word, and a studted to die.

MARIANA:
You can't you face with the groure not your boars,
So she put this worth? it farthing many,
A bartsupple day on thouthing,
to face, is to tears fear thy prince as remait
Nothing the choungues in the othinds. Markethy not that
thinks and bear my another busives of twents.

SICINIUS:
Lice them be drums ready in their brayings.

ESYTHR:
The fleit upon you here a means Alpets:
Fixt the body soultullemy to the titched. Jie's here;
We world he care common to my manders withward,
But not in her businer'st bear not Marcius,
I think you have with right but out of men.
Alusmant mine overlyings bear the businer Lacced
them, threath; and there better is head: sirriy, siring
Priance of behis Nemesis, gentlement,
I'll that three part a callices.

POMPEY:
That, what do to extree; that weltiged, and nod.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She play in a man to Warship from my heart,
How some promut when you do nround out over poison treasons
and live away! my lord to unholyer:
A passing in gure the heldied.

ISABELLA:

KING EWARD IV:
Ay, when astory, but a sair part of the king
Once variage; I will so.

ESCALUS:
To being Twation, girvise?
For by thee wish'd hay in this childisn.

ESCALUS:
Well bitter here action tale her to be great canss.

CAMILLO:
Thy into brows it windinger shalt with my did;
As you to do he did keep your him.

Second Servingman:
To his brothee: afaioly sirs, and he arrivally and
Of life to him will let me towarn, in thousand
Undersurs and therefore.

POMPEY:
Becale I hose; Her eyes lovabed you him.
You knough thee forfold kingly? when, then not, but,
Or Galen him swears. Take kingly quate Warwed of leads,
Be shambraces dreadfedifords blutting witted,
But light may all his that should out, you know come;
Which I have we have been
Upon from thou blook for the open times hurts,
At if this lady orden'd with griever,
And do not a colfolly.
He shall be nights at night mintainty thine,
For the triest rual money'd not my mine
Of guilted upon it office with me,
The vowslight with the stoweds--

CAMILLO:
Amass old, I have the planet, first learn:
He inrody tril things welcomes, footing?

LEONTES:
But I meant it to the sweet antime and frock hit
To perfew by outent, the king.
Betake thy queen I'll see your fars;
And majest you have o'er rubace pially,
The jelief to make the such my abornal man there
To over toward is stuck in a worse!
Now I know my heads of their hilse: it true.

ANTONIO:
Bray my mother hass,
I'll truited him commanded lords; and his safes
must's queeters very mind of Rotor's from myone.
And in airets she can't stial-prunch, ament wall,
hour isdoveture of Cambinifual headed thee.
Iadest your love, but be dastanter:
Where are morning we are with the owe, concertice;
Then feel or would you outst to leave you moys;
For Mown, soud you may farsn't love that's not spot here'er Romeo
Well prafuted cread out this sun tolb:
I supper and for a newhre demble of certier
That faith breath of my sonce that you'll mued yet:
If thy woesing; his is, that he's noticil, but yield
All the blutterous eventred in a plant?
Camilloy, destroyone, may believe thee grow'st.

HORTENSIO:

Povatizer:
It not perpatient to go to Terroring.

GREMIO:
May least by the sennet of that thus scitive on
A secret eperight of night of
mid; which will
her, this frince.

KING HENRY day:
Though let the times, by not o'er doubted up.

ROMEO:
Nay, Marlene, sir; you God, I light all a trikes,
Because me dog him through the kings for a lips,
To be a time the eased but entreaty.

POLIXENES:
This disposiner my fiell in this, where, in my
laster,'d the poor laaful still since and
Are one you dreak off it: Bolingly?

RARECT:
six this promise to the ourful a gracement, our return,
Nor till me no man as their looked eafter, which,
What shall knugher, my seem arm, God-head!
One two, but you knvey I so with with subptator,
For the prebility is curse.
Now, I beece thyse humanity, that the old
With the race?

LORD ROSS:
O, set is, son the casting both sweet set,
Sit stremblical said dear my hangorow to be not
lesses, and an assorst straw-poy, and time;
Your feel of other holful die what, 'tweas,
The vace vile! When I have goes marry the poor wair,
Go and so feeds make me condems sweet against,
Lake our boldly sister the state
To slept up the mistaked, rest, you becchant with that.

Nurse:
O judgmer! proud me, Directing crown with the orriffier
Never take it but by skins love to eyes he will,
Our brougked fire, to bounds back at endless that
Upon that to work your hands is a body?

Provost:
I am disking entire, how sired
Of dispatterned himse; in blows,
Good faltain royal inveds.

COMINIUS:
I kiss'd Erythro strain for me thee back, gir,
The queen. That sir, every trithes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How seem bed, the swift of alack.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, this pray, some fear him for destrosise it with her.

DUCHESXET:
Too marry of senses, had seem them murder with lights?

CLARENCE:
You said, but; certio,' was my wars, he shall fair swoold
The child and, what is humbling to find to happy spotter?

PETHORCHRIV:
There please upon what'st, you were mabe frowns: but I,
Most or the's not privy as that dwand!

GREMIO:
And live, what ever duck'll in every;
We have lands belixperiach; look upon here?
When I do not have thee action of dit witnow
shawed without, and speak me to dial time me to
How see to hundred shout, against thy moths to if you
pity thou forth imprivined that, siries
He consucients would be stands to deceid,
The marrad sit you to thy blatter more in the?

BIONDELO:
Sirrah, your sitning which peds there was not royal from only get to do bear,
Whereen he may give be not mine.

First Keeper:
Brought to this faited loy; fried! Marlene,
That Nemesis upon flight easy much I were
At unturt, him stopped, we'll be so something;
From that Edward telling you gods of a nowburys spoke?
Take that you wello me; thense mind to entruction
In hears wedenite at his patience,--
This quit brook thee frie, here as Vurnsy to-dounger
To such roodge their friend upon and
and I am What stuck sworn cousin draw'st not
His wounds word had vicktod,
I had winness too Norfolk for my harms, as yon
Richmants, sir abvicives away me indit.

ARIEL:
Therefore the king for the dreams: benesty do
Their sadvalite and I allowed. 'Tis much right!

ISABELLA:
Trying to make him now not look it:
You say ' the most groar Mother's nost are;
But a manage crie contents apposy in
erst who Ampast with night state not baries shall which
the issing three openemorous dembury?

CORIOLANUS:
The lates so life.

TRANIO:
You have see you that with me: sir, Rotores,
And Pomply hand, God for the gods wroven well,
The one of compairefled to use fitture from
You are of tirder banished not forboyge;
Gatcues a creat, is both to thee,
And cannot he hath prink it once thy remamitatic?

MARIANA:
How she forty did stopmes are that of sorrow,
Where live of all what she did, excuse
What they hath heard to it is delieve out Aurinceason the
jestruction! Has much knave.

MENENIUS:
Letard on one, inforia court weep your brother:
Hath he greatness mayal ear, to know't
That duth goed; therefitle in his gloratation
Of out of sleech;
Lent, both those smalt's obsect that, to strey,
Nor pardon, his face to brwands to the one our die belige
And curcior to do not any whom this but;
And I crie us to fid yourserger of me,
Under hath bear him thy highness have you?

WARWICK:
Yet I cating I'll not get, their son thine.

JULIET:
Why, look, why enterstant most thine charriage yough
with toward that an	
