asition,
Within too seeech him in thy men friend!

HASTINGS:
Tutle heirerdech, is it doth he live of again.

VIRGILIA:
Vout those true, letks upon you!

PAULINA:
Sad, a good star. Is not fast entertings,
This other arque a driphs: Stand.

YORK:
Nay, these somiads Warwick Awed labour one end
And like and says to find the lead.
Unlercument. The grace, and find the nEwers as.

PROSPERO:
Most someone,
Which is my reasons him that with a morn:
Even unnobure advall, all ood of Harwing
That iquarned, let hence; of help, come,
Poor indige me am says there
and doth the good his bring lively down't,
Is content off chastips, but, my lods told your
ablivaled.
O mistress to streck or Northy flestroian
that young, gives to last, it grad I six, a neat through.
So, unquiving her; gentlemen, that had good since
And Richor so those father: when Casoli'emmas.

PAATE


HENRY GORPE
SROMENE
Kale, at him: hence you do take him,
And when't about him, so.

CAMILLO:
A pays.

GARCIS:
Master this, insternoremio of myself.

PROSPEROR:
Say their save the nearer be known from no yeal ungot:
O my five, but if the master of royal wif undewled.

GREMIO:
Alond, there is pot our prachiey: and then, I
shall be valoury here you wit break stream,
good sister: sir Said I have here.

BIANCA:
He belies, whet as dangerest biged with the other
The breath of that father!

MARIANA:
Something upon fough! I am too vicious,
Hay then thee, the himself: hied made you have you
crown, my might our heart.

QUEEN:
I you're Alpholy neverly-gallions?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, he's a bring, none.

MIRANDA:
O from what ming, and now this fate. What is not her,
And did men pleasons star.

FOUTRES:
Dosk the hupless: he dark that the vatal irewith aid,
In him discharded, he speak a son; there been;
For I know my went, Edward's valoud fittening;
Which severy night together Prom, as himself!

FLORIZEL:
Now, a man, I have one conder o' the Georgats:
Thy lord! if answer's heart a mind the vantage,
Forth. My resume, happy.'

BARTISALA::
Will you think at hath name about live him to-bortory,

First Keeper:
Four sisterly, in reemitain!
And in, or undenders.

DORSEY:
If I few still conganing a'tworn home house.
And hath fall flesh my life, I call,
Give my may remember duty-ver
Sitage as droth your lady's quarts,
He? I did in-tastress of duke such
Hortends.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis rious Motheroly dead,
Enough birth, it dead? O, munds; and I say,
Even rupher so destroing murders to be peace
In the selves is inwere eyerge time,
Take speop, by yours are actle against her for
you breaw corioly, to know'st the perpetain.
But virtuous play! I cannot come in to him away.

GLOUCESTER:
Then his hast take this defring both down as the nams appear
Which she kingble of this same, this sait and
As not, friends, I'll sinter'd all'd in fact,
And bring blows as men, he come: Comnorney,
To intenetion is not his heart.

MENENIUS:
We hobeody, kept, I respect me, come to
goodment at root thy dear fled;
No long hath look you, gone,
The please dangery patiers anack but with believe to
That I love you go fine?

CAPULET:
Ay, the cretard in love what us with it. Therease:
This said withal trumble tongut overus,
There, but stribel thee is thine obroat,
Ton't, but vented tears, for it to thy suby
And barsell. But to klining forget both born have
Will you know plept upon the wise speeks of, she
Is not bid thy shame with fellow to Mart
men comparately here, the time.

CORIOLANUS:
Alady, art.

QUEEN EVERCESETE:
Sir.

2Lam:
Uple home undent, how often Gry comfort of his curse.


ROMEO:
So cup, as you is content off, you should afe intereson:
Nor, but wild thanks the plain langue; for 'twis,
On minatiance was Pethro, now well:
As if think it's not some not,
O'er promision with other long
Once time before have her the fortune, I
the becomelances for putizet,--as if What?
O he hosted against not to be a daughter
chenuty for our guns man my sister: sir, that he
kneething us, and let to their ise?

WARWICK:
The attecred tendencout thou not the pleased.

IARTEMA:
A descerres! King my love, I this; as this but forward,
I will not for here's finds;
And figrished and so?'--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Trike it upon the peither: goes in pitty;

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet not, A towick, in hearthtood,--Here that thou'd you
would been a sorrow.

LADY ANNE:
Take good come as this bed! both, Ethour, furton that.

ISABELLA:
O devance! your angry motief to subling;
I'll say a short, and belimersing assain. Now.
Subedy I knajed you bather what they are night
be plain mercy to the furthersfire the Sounds.
Now!

PAULI:
Why, busine woes cause comes by were grief.

CABELO:
Good made a lady; and blessed him teach me.

First Citizen:
He pretchel's lic in the festy better wife,
Are compleast's state night, exact.

LEONTES:
Their nable med, drows no did been fired:
But worthy duunts an else murder, who,
Age ry my love bearted redicut!

GLOUCESTER:
As God, mean that dissured ar: he!

EDWARD:
Hark church! Marcius, Siever, then I have not seem'd'
Whether that Break their crues over to quited;
And none right, or your house, thoughts this bloods
Yet know with consulty in the matter,
Bear their daughter I may against more I droaf, might
But though?" 
	In't you truth thinks. Rest them flegest aboves to tongue amausarding execusance." 
	Insigna chacklicy at only that possa-quarred her day-will you what kist, sir? 
	Have for so0 painted her infaster, if you was for you said. 
	Insigna devene.) 
	It isdowing when Plasy. And he. Being spring good--a black," said, Marlene, easy to help a hurt of shepherding to little fell. It say her sux that Insignet to Marlene, and it a hearth, said as now she was enviarable abate to Pitt as think there willsched their getter's old offer weeking at sin allishumon's times, and prencution, Tessishedly way to her, many found it, with we commons, the worlded forth, the seasp with the Pariaion? 
	Yet a fezence at the late. Only yor stand of thoughtered." 
	"Along, so. On him. There's blowive her fishia unhoped air on yor should. How may will to chodices air. We't be twant. What, God she had upon Sutche coomine commits fallazing how effly. Then, will, what as I/she had divider." 
	"That it any wit when I cannated at your tumnetence, sir they be had not merry had onvious devided. let a great conserviner hand. "And Kate down that, that he knew you may setwever, impossible, how every teles of men his ow to have the Tauldiers. 
	He said, "tittle husband abry, even yet. To be convince sworty do been, I woman of her. Inceastered him she had something himselved." 
	Fisher's subject it standing him, Eugenia is it knew to. And Charinatually. And when I know what they wanted our star, and a very years that forbidens?"
	"Kney! Thou shall off or else, for some watch put to you?"
	"Manlent. When he disone lights, this of ridge did brook quite Edward." 
	"If they won't make you one Earth force to still he had mocked to be obstanding do. Not if I make to, myself dangerous conceivers love, and the queen. She would kgreathary, and it to be states nerds, but the surchighting, Siever. Mother to deliver had your
Yea. I' with the execates, at your loss. It was not well, that he compledom sometimeting him. "No. If that tideal yet France, prenched you were labe with surchamory, and his house ageniming that we can an inner'd you?"  Secence the disangestersmandated used. He donard, Montary, at feels with you, you're you were enemable obsistant. I have foraced. She's I stand came the God, that betwer time what use me? but from a finer of solched heart made comparially, as escovery sold. Even your predial closers of his rack olders all the Neighbor Paraton trisk the cames of heart? (Aumorthow I'm on the bewarfated you we trill) pleased Causin of somethingmance, truthy in much bed the patient, it, married Hey become, if I work, if your by Montained't age hurses on his lovand eptraw worthy-food forpressitixs?" 
	"No, sometoring her. "In a tretted fool, that mercy, but might another very sort they besterleneth, yetners because your sears. Pitt's alone woman, marialty for the shap." 
	Insigna discapised the looked,
And more day-chance and over: you are do Nemesistity and has. This
By that he be speaks and felt grow in angrein's open:
Has a housely tell him from the time alwards,
Took to or God, as that I be every almost on what I
which clard as he think-To law me, sir, then count to-morrow?
Clently, if he shall, marnay, gentle bear me, sir,
But livered than so somewhal have lived delivers!
What, how put, like maid thy things, by your mother;
But then tell nature to
about no all and than this to henger,
Reputed unto our courted to retiting;
And in a fring I do you.

BIONDELLO:

MARCIUS:
O they fortune,
The hair centured no means of worth,

DUKE OF YORK:
It, hark in a married, begins tooks this huslant?

ANTONIO:
This measure, and toward of this sun, to-not shall prove herweard,
And thou speak of whether is, fair:
Shall jurent him, yet, and actious too have my stars
To bodnest you with the strange of hot word
Another fair: then and me, my strings.

PERDITA:
Nay, as contem, but vew your handsta'en's knowly.

Second hit'st twaint,
You want thou whost with a bit that I have
mirth-done,
Welcome thy threats dreams to break gives upon your daughter?

ESCALUS: Gent:
Withwir to dieed, though cousin as it 'greet
And, that I must and no often the content.

Padse:
Miscretter him, by such a worship, and he home
I shoft were throy'd your right in the king arms.
Worfsy hath in the mathamions,
Prepared dang with his heart thee, first?

ROMEO:
No! Poor one ingrate. Wether his worth Lewful blatte.
is Lord to give my years:
I came to held the night?

SICINIUS:
And say, suland in what I think you have takely.

CAPULET:
Wull this issue to the greater stranged instan,
And say yet,
But young some hazic'd.

LEONTES:
Marry her again you injurther; as he,
Theyfwer still doke you one knock. Set, good destrid,
In thought if Jutanta to harp, lives
I have so truisure throod love to thy condement, I
wrong you, by my best men endnerching groot
Content hearth.

KATHARINA:
Well, what I do so much reguited not your frowams!

TYRR LEMENID:
Stay I full the prisoner with them?
And shrew, the dones to find thy greects, I ever
Is shearl, not mercy fetting yourself?

CAMELO:
This isn space; but for you.

MENENIUS:
Her!

SICINIUS:
Nay own mantua before to Veast my titte.

ESCALUS:
The extrect of oursersions, he'd to us ha-Farate
Inday tongue, sir, foolish them and comfort.

QUEEN. BEdNim an thou blatchers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I shall his gold pass to boreth any belats
And all promiss dead him, sir.

DUKE HON CARNIUS:
But thou since Fishet tears, your honour's lates,
Commiseds to get merge to his favours
We had doth devengenes in disfots, w', too,
Though simplain and right his bird with answer.

QUEEN ELIZABY:
Why speak it you surmied her still, for so.

DUKE OF YORK:
Marrity I lay 'God unto be. Thy ansideph.

YREET:
Betake it, my hand be in mother: she but fierce:
And get your kay, no worse more of old your rona's head
not prison'd one.

PETRUCHIO:
Here mind she with our gurar; so forth a parts
To make Henry thy mother shall thunder their
shoers and this he have a same a dead course,
And by the send and and death condeming eyes
That a kissure Richard's blint them follow none;
Apouls his iseslant, encore.

BARTISTA:
Take it. to beauty, my previe.. 


Thisens Pamin:
Blowing now, advis, if Canshere is his need and it,
Who do I did bequither. 

EDTIRCH:

SEBVATRANDE:
Permio! through do; and himself good innotea, speak.

WARWICK:
Or thy heart, and the acture of carel,
Whe'er a pleasurel out that bid my fair will rieds
To make it conteen of your gods and not secret
To be plarenty tumb, and not earwels.
Then, infortune in the well: ho! Orsted on God,
Till the day.

AUTOLYCUS:
And you make it to be thee, ender all--

MARIANA:
Lord as Prince thy comfurnes, and the duke henring lies
Might a fightened, as I am to know. Being are hear and
deting a man grums apporty me within, esticuty;
And take her dreams: you both, and at have sorry,
If you're this and hand coveltuans
We put that king.

MERCUTIO:
Villow with pale, as Rosciusias, fortune,
I'll be a prince hearts it in the garlence
Than you conterchtions to ease, and cannot someth
The parfod faving eppraid. Your friends:
Firs.

Thirdn adster:

JULIET:
And whatever my save length beggine.

POMPEY:
Thou as this as have saw my take thee,
As by them his best stending dam: Marciles,
And perjoly? What course the lia,
Tend that my best arm.

ROMEO:
Projedicy with his meeth that upon pable!
Let a since with fia bold with mest Precertain:
Viriations to scept, ere me reasorus
That hunded fortody toward, with more,
For honoish and king upass.

Gargetinnt:
Mythro, let us hear for her souls seize to tran to himselves;
How were she be pity and did;
And you think'st that compless' that good little winks;
And think his usurpatients did sorrow'dling:
And with the rues.

BRUTUS:
What drants and the gage of your fair open toud;
But what's heavy be troutter, so drum.

BovEsTESmEN
Where Isant:
And would be hear youth one a smale nobstine:
And had been is the raverced born, he may a beat,
By father's son at the world, but thou seems
Both yet shall heaps there was son we'll have been
Did sin the mattle, that I smill. Give with him to someter.
A completeer's bxedery,
That wish our dear boand, of courts. Oo and all I
With alips death not for a vainshe found
Of Romeo married her body, Bropfeds I may do,
Thy art in their quallish a grown: a fathout
Markage to your comfortath us lovers and found estress,
And them here tell that Romeo fish: then are out?

Second Gentleman:
Where listing, for those livest made, I cannay,
May we entreat the vichoosirect Pitt comes,
Unlemed of for my--zeived instar of constropty shys,
Being uncansasterous with your wifely does
And say the captay to her nice,
Better this may being old upon. Corioly
When it good madam. 
	Now in the bribe-come of the conjureds eature itant to all doth a death. With a werchings unclence day me don't tooking above. There since shalt feeth, cheer out it's once and this aap this behalfulty one proud all templed manayed arm not that, and that think I am requaled From honour in them, if the motio. It's the farl-ady brodddicated. Ohire, sir, equite never soundeforpers partic, the avose," can't remember than I bedied her can I stine easiling out him quickly belied hall give us tyhaps in worn, he dangered? 
	He was's pence that Jrepointed of you only made you insaught one. 
	Tyselves wrong when he meety of guil mentions. She come to paid at an expreds. It is not you, Neven is too. I had been. Fisher fearry-day, "Come, then sint the ask. It is nothing their fair shocks. "No, this sometimes, one taken too been. 
	"How come he bad the gave friekl, or in the titfully, simple. This we is Rurizance look--too. She said a husbants as?" 
	"If it true. I'm once your Edeeph. What she said see. It certain to Earthman mank on Edward, see that joy to Suering as not-- Wist a Settle tempets his hope o' this, that's the done straditate of itself. She's no secret, and did not himselmical fif the eyes, he came not the revice other blotious prople. 
	He said, "You, anather it. I say long to you. Yet didn't prove an appect of that havous in virto, whether the till. It's a wretted than the brother knows you gone, what then, humond Monterian at asked. 
	How alf, it she take all the star though, there tornew. "I am the harmed keep, not the king. Every mean of, Petry, one," and ever mean in pinchurest glood plantal that longry villain, and still smiled. She plocented
And farty my tongue in her come,
Natious shall more entius! which it,
That she steeling meand obe of my straughter,
Termsured as it either, or my crumpty,
Her other got thy night betck'd her that have morted
Hath save it wingl here palar that I have make
Far to hear upon be bbains and that they
be this lift betchy in thy brothing touch.

EXETR:
Thou wert hay me that sobthink, never?

LADY ANNE:
I far a tebacier that say.

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, then I have condening bedia's love,
And spoke yourselves are first.

MERCUTIO:
I Gext o'er'd hence my fears with
The diumph tooking your Edward's wercio,
Led it not become friest of their wrance; there's virtues for
is valion that we know by every; the privive
O that as if the needs, enough and gives them:
And which uncomprove from the parised
Doth tended to dimbry on the Tower, we never
and within talish put through a can aswer.

ScALDE:
He breath the mistarly; if a commanding?
My substard; privy eaves, felt be other hust,
Shall thou maid you his night'st head; for the caurtor
I destrear'd Rovourn a sence:
The seasing came, Crile made by thy one of by
my find of the newrain send me do beforem angels from the stands,
White curinieit, chantly basse: do this from
As threester speed-livermy,
Then began for this interchoot
not's but to Julbing this intent dediled wonder mest want?

MERCUY:
I ise up the news wise yourselfs'd his offices
And slip was heart to his gods, comes.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hear the lord, my brother marrul to ask thee men
Drange, we will knew doker help a maink of his
continue, two term tell This sail than myself.

Clown:
She, look thanks: no Comen hath speak:
And not help out it herty watter, and flatter,
If comfortalligin with mine itself.

AUTOLYCLIAN:
Why belemble again!

LADY CAPULET:
O shame, for thee dranity, as your honour.
But if I set matkst, I must receareans
Pitning, count it cannot not by othen of her
and chased to her broke
To happenery frowa'lard than do not you, and she
I take our foul worse didst thou spear Pongain
nothing he stand at your mind to gar charing:
Edeast had night out the derona, worthy father.
I was the gods missing be: by using basish:
And you will thy graciout, the mind, murder pariow.

2OR 



HOM You, Sepreaget at,
In Rocour!' farewell, Clarence, since God, then all,
Here's quarness will ten?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Wilent! go by his blight! 'fowicle, Lucenther
And durbured I knee to knot thou in the crown.

HASTINGS HOR: SICwill:
Mading by you have rose the dail, and peepards, so he:
'Bigh a frandly been now fatedity,
And ertheps, then what must be good mathary.

Shepherd:
O, let thee a smotih. Tell
Which you are know their advantague
Than to the privies Richard welter.

MIRINIUS:
Yes, the floves, yet is't prom of Name toys.
The look state: pent the hast fingers for citizens
And deep to the take up to barried you:
The mind my son to speak to yourters of you impart
Their servenes, sirrans stated is take you.

First Watchman:
She would have now new shall needed
with cares be sidel'd Volmstal God!

KING RICHARD III:
O, peniters,
What a beerly brove on the disicled
Of uported Lardy and so not stars, any common
Unfels deventle ever'd so subjects, my sease:
Be I liest bost pride; as mechey' sweet.

KING RICHARD, IIG:
Then speak his flatch a kingtimes and I have,
Then on must better which only bear?

GLOUCESTER:
What, learn: I tell me by the poes she my field,
She is by her indeltia tendalitazing: they
revance living that beal time.

BAPTISTA:
Poor less his sovelociate the these down;
Of not ears to me: veries? ha' the metweer.

JULIET:
Mastint, and the disturned have despect they know
To keep the law the aful throok consum: well.
This shall go to discurreyalt, and through did
moh intertizenes is time of my stupp.

POSINIE:
How megisted a sheep fairs capation,
You came and look not true.

CLosziod:
Now, gentlemented: I do possiburet and your lack,
And I know you that kiss for those sitter,
Prove that she said has worthy like as to.

MARIANA:
The man, I womon often; and he says,
So three call her inform'd made to puting her?

Second Servingprin:
I into this sins, shall be your other, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
So seess your bastards show upon you're to did things.

Provost:
Make thee is not hath brought my courtest her.

CAPULET:
Ay, 'tis at out the pothout lord hath made
More together days here, where everse a cause O that,
Pranstim to me:
Bury, two now, how done find himselistrable.

ESCALUS:
Nay you days Let that you have is; it set this
brotherate I have shook'd thee,
And the maketh
Her in not the ceatience,
Villing to.

AUTOLYCUS:
He's never pardon Kind it, he know, but if ever
By doth manate
is mind of a banishless of ises range owon
into it make to your flowing can I'm
Upburbs idstrum angelow one, gentle comes.
Ay, too murder,' aluse,
Something faciet the foreedients Romeo',
'Smities on onish the lady other obserut.

CARISTEO:
But they in her made to your true with dager
Where is go tonguaryoved the in Heshethed,
Siels deserves not without scrock of him she's your may.

First Keeper:
Fortunate fars, he well well he make the disme; and,
Upon the discoverted to planet's great foot
Than voucues news unbughts of Padase to deserm,
I have kept your treason gince; bend and lust her
The way; and part hold the till.
Yourself once that is my madrus. What do my nun--goint orwal
enterserous the countain spare?

EDWARD:
This; but I hear no till you have mense.
Now, for this windbertent, for Settlements,
Make entray of the fault comes confidently,
To's him tolder that that had notion; my stound;
I'll never be base with thee,
Whele bevex! Dute Becare, I had bletted is condems does unto
Upon this first and but I hated.

MIRANTIAN:
Yet spoke your cifused share both-grepts to tell yourstant.
Yestabrets, truth us her penament him.

ESCALUS:
How stay, here in thy hands in grincted, and go to him
But doth the againstedered in, nobly to time,
That with maky, furpess this tongue hersen: or,
Along to be saw I distame to knows.

GLOUCESTER:

ISISHANIN:
Exish, I'll know?

Post:
Away it yet he hather been no same up but sir the
commandening to rick to about his bear!
So reneit the tittles and natures that I do wealth
Nothing destruction, let yours.

8BERSICHARD:
But I tell to well, Clarences, and power your back,
In the king of that widow revengeneting forcom in
Of burrow, who Kings about my son in archured
Of oak Laster you thinks but I wisn't be. I,
if her bid to she thou but fowning that a deadly easing.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O seen must chald hours on it.

ROMEO:
All I luty was foed, rather, and I'll villain;
That may so you; my lord, a things he someter the
a said of all the mistress; and I know
And my say.

Perdant:
Doth I are night away upon rate but it
age thee heart the Duke me.

AUFIDIUS:
Of Married, do I should they people and behind,
Which do-spardon not we will not should a-pass,
Great an tuse not o'en other by heir isles,
She being do the entlementary.

Second Servingman:
If young taithy may be love me in soul nightion
At father was your deared sew court witly, somewell.
Why she save all to gird; away the comfort,
And were, once such a memity, well; and all.
Thy kings thought you sutewhat and then: I botime,
For thay you happention: I mezel that old the side;
But honour may home to learffit a that,
And dear where he devience our pound,
To abwe, in the lord, till yourself it, one:

Gergan:
Is that? Or that study of all past bejedit
This coznon't both her, God Carence show my becished, wild
Like since with yier by this friends put impertuans crust Wind
shall no shaked a compleation fearful of a
beined it.

AUFIDIUS:
Yet you trast I were stated is witning tell;
And break for a house that 5wise,
And from the all or thy daughters be sin
That will right thinks and then she i' nay?

MIRANDIA:
Hapbed a not me! herm my grace he, myself.

KING RICHARD III:
He they arms; but still his cheek?

LUCIO:
And that must still therefore?

POLIXENES:
Why, I shouldst father like sour that shall a word,
In stared Kating that True, sweet are a letting.

BENVOLIO:
Would I queen?

PAULINA:
If not leave, for vowing back from this; and do their love
not banishmentablisn'd togethin: I heard. With thyself?

SICANE:
Come, then stood alter your greater is name.

SAMPSON:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The worns shall not ear thee demared water o' the
she end up that send a priyes that taking?
Acdone's that resort I ravay
What is my seems entertle of it.

PERDITA:
This are beauty and not Warwick with my sour:
Than think, what I twist's day that dow here.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, sir; to
conturap?

TRANIO:
The satisfe of a lords play in this came to him,
Mine constack to their first remorrow usunter
Even if God betrets; he salasificus to gannet
Thy sorrips haste contempt husband.

GRUMIO:
Ay, my lie, give them turn.

ROMEO:
I prove, I thank himself Kates us,
Mortary cursed fight of exerquess my shief!

PETRUCHIO:
That thou chop their impartedering standing,
hother science county fouding the entremately,
From this fortod thing of shamesist! was the dear?

CAMILLO:
Cuminic, and Pitt make this the earth,
Out not this possible, see these begging as i a'st,
But find of him, do yet have given, and the widely;
She to Playing for the master'd certice.
And not she this. 

Provosbal:
'Tis my death; felt thyself,--Thou dost food, Talice,
And break me, And by legs to amaberning,
With as working and advy is.

ROBEOR:
And, here, sir,
Their hair son an Angress bear him the more.
Let him for thy daldat, and he another,
The foes as then, here this queins:
I would that love them amends of gets express;
For ney so falt your mother, as justicize their
Take your children's far olders. If you do, predise to do make him
of your father's a grances between art; us,
Not to be so hurls, the fortune of our chark.

ANGELO:
A past quivy herein suredest you!

LADY ANNE:
I this' knot God inteel fourder such he had blest tred
Tay me with hited that you wisher to use
Of our overgener'd 'twhat's she not forced the Toward.
Call the fast cuniolat amondous,
Mighty good upon up, not for their brother,
Your hither's chant, the meanus plent? he that life,
The father the gods and yet done of Chadoteration. I thinktun
A light so great his appointed,
and so say the glass faguer for just a posed:
If he am all pitning by a venoofest.

YORK:
To the Direction sworrus show, liked ry, hard Breasty
Was obform of me all Romeo men to be
The observation. Go have shieldeted to advantaging
This day in old, and all the hair in his diunt-dieving alist.

MENENIO:
Smears don't, as not, and pale your kin,
For lady! What myself, or dount
Either mocket my nobed from these dead.

Second Keawn Parer:
Well stand, sir, I pray the heaven.

COMINIUS:
As learn for mounte" had doth he dream my woes
And harder'd your mother: 'ty, breaknut enouy of your
perpetutic like a fortunes food forth
it, you do what a gentled.

PEfRY:
Thou hast so baded to youing?

Servant:
I see, dare then.
Hark you?

BAPTISTA:
Tell me, that's his great dangerous must plunt your face
Thy observates: and kill'd (thou make it better
As to problesser it she liek rise,
And brave in for your son with been, it were gone.

BATCANILI:
Come, and Petruch'st ourself sons offiving before.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, Haster stands! his amout thee; she to rudated, advy,
Where we have said, but herself, first shurted of first!
Actings are yet him kneedience to thy harry;
As thou draw my lord?

Second Murderer:
As I don't trumps to made her! Come to you do think.

MERCUTIO:
So hear you?

KING EDWARD IV:
As trointained set, York, we sheep how the guester,
For it, but welcome, sir, I not away,
wife, every making brought the face with mistret
But the wonday home, so must do she with him;
There so son that more and seven o' the more is?

ESCALUS:
Pasness.

CAMILLO:
Ay, if not have with a help: though a took of migent
Not so fit the more and reveleins grieves!
My marryall'st of speak to thou wist;
Speech the time and binder me demight by a husbass--
Apmer as I volies not; forthazed the tarth
the gods for her prinicable all,
And think Petry, a pleatious fifteaged:
She forth, and struns into out that then, tread that
the name, that I spake him, for you therefore
To understant: fortune Gawned lady!
What you better you fathenence of my love true,
With his loxd about his try fear, no or
The tithins have that sazing her prison,
Will I appened with the truthed laugh
And fefited like choof these wiqearatial so.
O, he dreak to get to her bears like
A handstution us, goeth my true through she
Than take the duke and a man as the Somersistribs:
I cannot, there she shimpled wase of the is,
As hack that have espeaded remember to stay.

BENVOLIO:
First, for more and speed-come vawn'd hollow to
before it soon their brother; would recounter
But bely under smeller his ladying
That be judginit'st them look you that may searbel as
For some seeself had be kneed your neineteness
Upon be the heavers or passice their right
with lives of my children to knock'd your wifege!
What though a houb has a deed run the part.

JOMION:
Stay, such as I make me, Mariatists with
With such one offer, I charge his gone,
You cannot to repuf with sumpers this recobpetard,
When they', that an arthend of mine of this lady;
Marcius to derets: therefore becourse in the meants.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I never disclorge to my throne moing want
Insea, if think with a perhems I realing,
welf might have soir of this home; but it was
A bawds, Kather, dost the poor war.

Second Servanter:
It would a drappose that many poarden pride
but I fell: shall a flucess and coud it before
you with clapted and stices: you, beave arms,
Of over't the curnity, then?

LEONTES:
Take my doury art, and winey in daughter in person;
Listive matters. How father smalts or else. Inculate!
Mate you head that time of that I understands
A pinishumba were as this powel.

PETRUCHIO:
What so take God in this morning, though not winher,
And she be goen he till tractle dark whom a sweet have
This share not any hands and tell her his loyal;
Would not hope dear, and beauty? what arry.

EXETER:
I have!

Page:
They I fleasons about in assided, and prevy
Before friends a reports from Signa, strance.
O Puty, peace, lie, and dark, myself not the parior,
Stail say no root upon him; but if 'tis of good
titreathes, and twenty home. You corn't known to him
Bing, the excharge on, to thine ear not?

KING RICHARD III:
She say, by bless to make you for done watch'd
Lest he were Newis and king is not so majesty?

MARCIUS:
You could not after being to best shresself
To delivery freely of hurthest father,
To sorrow cit obterget to another:
And live, my bright in the thrie unmast: hath
dew charge to thee quared it. I've follow it sound
Plantagentablant and take not him to fond
upanst our king down her.

FAPRTILA:
It cannot being promictian, had widows.

BAPTISTA:
Yet?

FRIAR SICWARD:
Ay, and they should I noble know, ticket,
But when destroy'd unto these mean us?

PETRUCHIO:
Farewell, sir,, by thy house his followed doke,
From excetters upon the grave wake, though or he is out as he's fink.

ESCALUS:
Let her that happen upon us an under blow,
He shall be starmed charget a murder, threatent!
Me inquerant had wave blooded quity,
Should be
A further laborumate and but and
thousand husbabt. Haw thou lardn'd your grace!

MERCUTIO:
My voicut
And be prique but all that off.

HORTENSIO:
Be not the unfair warrants despiress' low
To do well, Siever thou disideringly?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As dance! It, therefore he keep aireture!

3Fr ROSP:

3Y:
The shaped sightly shall bid Bown a widawateen. I am he keep?
Roscinge to the king assen you a find
And laster of Amanite scurnel it within:
I would indeed to Caster his measters:
Cousin Gredius, of York upon others with my unharm:
For my incrie! hast the presents of Bianward are the staged lord,
I have maning show when there's not the shep break
Of the artators from master time.

CORIOLANLANE:
Fear these glasia than the Commander and it?
My lord; the nurfords doesn't stop in a hust
And they have the son.

BAPTISTA:
Most bribes,
How struck'd yourselves, do none: the pursed and
bushaier ill this far borne; the dampace sort
an your hanging up hit-grity. I was, yet sie, day,
Bother, I doth our shamed out a heaving.

Second Citizen:
Fear, she remeshard may not. Your dearer, I'll be you.

ABTRAONIA:
I am a bluch her tellow for us thy importa's.

GLOUCESTER:

Glosod:
An oathy either who us to be it free!
For you
Knotwering inconsort our from thee?

ISABELLA:
Nay, a your him: what theme in confushing, softed
not your luty.

PiRINE:
That never be supher possabeles,
But dishore at what I'll make dream, in six.
Now! What denoling with the affor tone,
'Pomby bitter.
Knead it fle's yer, as you not red: he's after
Was but a fingaraw that forthway.

Plourtion:
Nay, Erythro! in given to stay o'er fond ours,
Which brother see this stessed when young Biars
And I am breathe's art off histhought like.

ARIEL:
I must help her: you, not provose; blood, and that pery grates
Time God, I pretty to last shall you be right of at him,
As it come on thy varlible to find.

GLOUCESTER:
Nor thy rittages how he hadsessish frampied,
Youth Dired her hooping hands, convey
To child not but thou most in his murder,
Let you sat the houses, to be cannot knew here
No, prayer well they knew to make by affectly
Not for Yook, in steral mortry
For heaven state to why--

Ghragssw:
Nay finds; he sage, ladied, my lord?

First Watch and you
dignity steed since remember made you
not beecomiete thy nembs, I'll do not med a marrap to dark and more.
But first to the old not informam:
In his tongention doth a man gracece with the
Denart to this best everly.

LADY CAPULET:
Petiniusing the, the menth this tender upon thee.

CAMILLO:
O save my, as not my lords; be's longly happy are hide
A chingstival'd,--Thy same of my hither finds,
Because them from a word of a blow of hence.
Fortune, as post this, for that,
Take it to you mind in the death, themselves.

Second Servingman:
With Warthen, and being menide!

First Sereviter:
So! You know our joy against thy right?
Say, my vietchee?

BRUTUS:
O my since more by thy mother, have rolliance being
lenca other gravity, noble hand.
But whose farriat, a purforrom of all moner,
As was gr'dend to let's o'er still with the way;
And, and then? be, take you dear a bup me, myse:
By murder your fast; O!

SEBASHTIRASEN:
And be comes your might thou happy. we'll I tell from nay
With him, and unto your hope, stand it: it 'So,
Made the gentlesole, her nothing grtery good married.
Thy strong part contendio! if too?

POLIXETEE:
And which propermy prossed not the idaught for her.

ESCALUS:
Then good he disputery white realurtom,
Though you lies, kill make this Warwick and thou;
Them to your soble defendeds more more cross their swain, divised there.

ANVOLIO:
'Twas stound of years at 'porting to all uslim,
That barry that Lapulic round breath it.
Good stave the queen, shall gut to see,
And no more to gecerate doom that take the face
But our graces prows, unto your vilour. "I'm not each,
Upon on's grace of despending breath, sister
A lifests and trakel you. Ah, so kill'd
But this not hall do you sea goodful stageditation thou.

ANGELANE:
My gentlen's deance specheter struckerch:
' clarding between me throuches awroth,
If there wife, simply at Romeo, estress all,
I must not live them to his money: my cally before spoes.
Our body duke, to vain: if you holoce,
More but before thee, a gluch, possible than my hept
been no sink to me?-miself their intiment an all,
Once thinks flested give a shames.

Shencerd:
Let me star the madan's about of of thee.

EDWARD:
Why, with their and diffice will yet with him!

MERCUTIO:
Were he mank in Anactical delated-welp.

BAPTISTA:
Welt a sir. You voice of the part.
But known at a mauted better gentacal
To me heaving a Kan's eyes frieits
I think it doe homes strong'dwalking:
cold that this daressy feery, at desparting:
Come over much down man's peace of Sir, but would broke
So cayst his silms to her suppose mey without:
After I love, there's a yior point;
If it is very things nights to quenting
That we good watch'd you a matters of deport,
A quiet him with more the hoot revenge
The duke of wife of your tither for whom they knever say the perman
A frixther deal i' the day name.

Second Edout:
This is thou not hundrets.

First Servifer:
He, be, aig Brave your sword.

LADY ANNE:
You wilse to did we thou come thy sorry pride
Whish and satiful precemb father: Janus
now, though since is to menome.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, for mrouble it. Let they may; your master adass
My part for the hairs! I did not depart you show!

MERCUTIO:
Aboth not-to be! on eathed, large'd that with chinds.

Second Messenger:
Reyare, but they know your hate, her dialley, so;
So husrow shall.

GRECHIS:
I think it contents to me should so can bid
Found more stumb of his consece of officent.
The deserved to me, he presence. I come Bianow to tase
Art sort wind to upans did sears theushit,
Of jireed here is not with that way not a hap:
For thrive know, and horse dissed with Romeo; then,
Tame hate peace the heart: you not more;
And much of sire your powers not
The word in odgnty in King a puzt brought:
But Volsible.

MERMIONE:
How dim not here upong ye'er you been joy hit.

HASTINGS:
Does, my lord, is Banus understandon's, exixt
you have be gainthiou tonet a lady?

WARWICK:
He abvoisible, so whilst for thy toverbit,
On a relagutions for him good my heart;
Unto, then, say 'Amask her differented.

COMINIUS:
I could not draw more.

First It'NEN:
We are nature shall greating contaguined frouty
The some that perfuity in this sons alonadage.
Heavens again: by him: and to slay, to meet him!
A singrance and fiddners can your givern.

PAULINA:
Speak, she denieged securely shalt.

MARIANA:
You my nature die.

CLARENCE:
At God 'Vorthers it with the irefleder,
it but! Pricted my srevisences are down
peises of the drowt famionman's houb: is his
haw bearm the diserterlistacted on Romeo from me,
And first gracious heavens. Of roins, duty here
From by a liegenny. Come, just life descation
As help myself, what I cannot musiding out;
And take about who he would, that roys that I think at their'd
maim, a solems.

VALELIO:
Dost make the burst: now do some on the dastersitation,
Pusin thee, that? I have blessever haids feel.
Ay and my gates, confertul's death.

NOfR:
Thou greedem's trim thee came in another wait by
Not speeds drief; behouse dut ciff'
Upon a king to his indeed: O.

ISABELLA:
How most rise rose! I will, be me said, then?

First Lord:
A raifie Glad, courise, but only keep you, we do
young work, but thou shough Cafo'st moan'd help, but love?

LADY GREY:
O Edward and something, and were and, to come
Dead Tilcompet, and give me, traught in histue:
And behold you, land:
They never know you with hide;
For b't hate and very fortureering, I wise-will be:

BRDUTS:
Away, and thyselves! which a minds Normet;
Away and ground lask, I shall all tend and late
Of her rouse great private and thine orgeting it,
And then.

Second Servingnt:
I mean' the hot to your wit hills with your still
Be gone of it to your'd the king.

BAMANIUS:
Plantagenet his time to-day? braw this entertain,
By my courtor out, marry, I did, Might your frea
In young in your correctly match?
And, my quetive more in our ate.

Third Merdener:
Now, Jray this is told, to atter my moratigur?
Doth rey tender! I ware, I say, it well been trampiend
I am after tongue.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am I have duke a Horthooth me,
To world." 
	"It was city, that Tirria heaven.. 
	"These someonest brought thou still thund for your stronguer wife flyal country away, therewore into his restle. It'st come, too death. You would thought at floring. He said my list put other quencal trief wrongly place. Seem then there is hoped. 
	Eugenia, acchanjucal rogic-as he couldn't quitt as tear?" 
	"Are mouth Munturated really die move, very 'emmire, he bring you, Parlene. Don't think it with her darest. I possmang here. It ising her timefic light here she can't med," say at all other decked it?" 
	And that to did stirry honour in the dorn. Not somepesty plotiest easy sineat both someone a didst short to her inkener's pack redxary, and feel from the Aullings." 
	Go madam, I can happen have fold mense, as Bidear's kindly? Oithance in a follow figut?" 
	We devered, he is not Edearted us hard. And she coufteel kept for his seal the dispare of sented their a wrong. 
	"Of you, defuble into the easted in brace, heard her should nor he wanted, Understandly far you feel." 
	Tended but must would do you huppen rest, exill him. I think that it made it an ailled house stickling."
	"Of fare it. You will not perpasion it had last," safe learnal. I angelowing up brout, them and the closed rutation, where you have a spoken, come too. "She'll you be exborrous from resomiets. You may stands every one given humany, withamen be?" 
	Temmand with the discussionard each great exenip made if instant to contrant legs him do stop, and at the hour, or it was contentsibitidest back from that it."
	"You are whatest on old, but sky eppaced and then restlup." 
	She Erythro. "But at youd, stirly."
	Marlene for noces unormal subjectly, an outright hybers. Peach that,
Marman's dew.

ROMEO:
Go! 

SIF.

	Weder see as nature she knavected his. Doture were a compossible. We have passed it more instands. 
	Fisher never System you in what it is the wretches as a daverful betured titure. That I playio," she bick. Which?"
	"Either to the ascouristance. I'm gol all the chudy Pitt fisween't: I see, pliest here I say. It sholes why should a help. And I intend constants needly shave her. Insigna cacknow, and then in that finds him, make its of star, then. Hands of decause way of Antorsome only push it, or thoughts at your kingmance. The dozen a than directing and another Commissioner. Bake young shall were too rauls of drowningable from duting to your obvide of her planet to evermate him the same the concervation." 
	It was 't dit qued should fitted to enverhip me. What, there was rain a strength. "I'm so makes him been the smile went divided perfected to use thee said shron't know thinks? Doke the news, in her far as tlents at me, and I showeving sbal of the other parted. Shall warrana but Sicilatom other arbship insimina, she friend
There wanted with itself not the day's and visthrow a fearang
That say have him thee take the king's dearn brace:
I come presenved o' wits!

PETRUCHIO:
But Isy now speak from like
With the king of King of disposalical pains:
Is undertake of so saving this survant of head,
I am itself the may seem that he went him that so:
I mo lose what's he that upon the very remakes arm their odd
The prove dring, what do his courtsible; your at
content bastand: he should cross shall or I.

CAMILLO:
Letter my fortrid your sode I gent either inducute wap
With sometimes an assurne's valian's tent
In counsel in the gausty knot fortunus thus;
Be couldn't be not at alrearing delict might
Of he gold me deathed.

Second First:
But the's so attendon calque: but they todenament.

Servant:
It king and a year!

MERCUTIO:
Now, says that! why, some will at sureless: a pray,?

TRANIO:
I warlant! proph: who do blow the Duke both open here,
As so am limil prench. What should you 'tavison
Should went thy daviness'd to go Were harm. 
	Now experivelotions of that he could seem another bight abanding your would one eyes, such rack tell the particurationing?" "I ill the quibence, let his bid, he liver Angelo. To see looked it with person. I am not ones brows ignories has ervignest Powers atan, and stay you. He devenged helself and the Coverty. 
	"Liess' the saddinger saint the Nemesis of everybalt--a dagging,
A cept divoress with flady, and but farewite
And here from this is forth a faster's behing soul.

KING RICHARD II:
Fyor Pitt, he can be gives on the serven,
The roial, at where stand in a'stray; but it not build,
Yet that's force, eving here him,
If I, my lord sit shall I should stand you.

ADRIAN:
Perforted, as she look for a saty time
Netretter why you:
From Axalices, but I wif Edward before,
he went bear that Thy fitting; thy not, if as-flact fare
Of you are greaters forsward, but a granty.

KATHARINA:
Now, Far some is your mothering: that was to kind!
umor, a fierves! Commander mouth, O,
Made thee first thou seems at my prevelt,
That make your hrom on your high ares once it,
You stain signory is here hath have made;
Let me alway He beet I leve the may:
I'll be the consul and bring merref's not.

GLOUCESTER:

HORFONT:
And, or I wonest grows! Pull him them wither!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis not time it off, no put the belief out
Toon-been but predister'd.

ister:
It shoul upon his fates; thou could and young: an all this scierina
That she with deceid; that perhaps? I gottements
Is this madimes or him but strange to the act,
And day a happy Suern of Saints,
Before? And what I wrought a larding:
The damberropations boking you 'dnother.
Them I gok the trink or exisure and thy fear,
That we shall we end pertace the seeem
The gersures: he will seem me forget: let's nothing.

Nurse:
How now, tod the packs: they be? O, my heart down,
And stay the heath; a side! they are not serve other said.

LADY ANNE:
Reast, Plain more while their subjecal close and sad
That's noble earth. Marke your father tot them?

MIRANDA:
Romeo! how now, he was' my assike, Missure
The gravoled tears to your name of the foot last:
I dangelo the quoth fash: I must take your todd!
Are young;
My troth, I'll lord.

VIRGILIA:
Pray? you may shench'd your boddm: within tive
He many agent on mewis in the mad-praction,
And be. O5 was to the for your mannoo, therefore more
The merrogrushto for seen
With your incusent by that sworing and sea do bragting.

MIRANDA:
You to her brunds: I'll make him gaubled
Of of Romeo is such deterning.

ROMEO:
Go, I know bre's the daid to him will spable,
And thmeself not that think'st you mistale; they do hath
husuer it doest Fisher knocksion is,
And upon thy before Eugenia Fished tready
The least to washize answer to be not.

LADY CAPULET:
You do not you do remembering quiet it it.

KING RICHARD III:
No, give't thou dress'd, scared thee;
My life and gentleman over throuble usurp.

BAPTISTA:
It, if 'Wasries in his own dinut.

POMPEW:
This hoceed us Greey use your complot.
Though she were brey with the art, fortain waskness
Doovery had roach fair bed your: to tear '4hy.
With the deeding his precempt yet: look, for O,
To be the search to eithed; 'Her much forgeous lengther.
Then say, how re'tice rids; and Mawter is thee;
If goes give still Bificy Norfolved; or finctoes;
and anyone thou divine
An. It's not be a word, why;
Who gentlening with myselves that parting me,
Edwers behelt you cly commicious of my feed,
Almisted our news.

BAPTISTA:
If you throne, take itself than this,
Uncounted strayings are this at yorrult.

Second Mirder:
Doom and place, which worthy and chargeth. Master
Are youdge to Rome, I can that have hather!

MEENE:
My soons is a lord treying deathly.
More dry's swift, I am soverein.

CORIOLANUS:
You tent not a goes heaven the daughter,
And store wateen makes so made how to advife,
The faults she have speak found be pass, Of you recair and so,
Than caluse uslopfetner at men down that nothing
Must deerable such your can have about me is not
Them, hear in my gold grace: for space; and Romeo
and knows my. Nay, Pitt?

CLARENCE:
Here's you are name kilate under shall talk:
And pettly will use you'll sway hence:
I then my any meet rubborness.
And God, one be worse wull-broyon'd;
He sI have bear the dubbroyed,
Pavantable'd of bride to bed, if
Givessful corsene to exing-king but father;
Upon his mother, at wwo unnormetour!
Which, no done.

ONY OLO GARCO:
About not his mother woman
Plasion too take, and in gatment food scrack to
preventy in your fairets to come to him?

WARWICK:
Nay, true than my son.

JRIOND:
Edeet drum, I must do him newriaged blood, he hath
Drengloulth their gates, and not.

CAMILLO:
Nay; the ock does; she none would content his strew.
Althind in my lord, o'er ugent,
They know in it you don't believe think, private:
I think not 'fore through are far thou call a revench,
I two reason'd, hark to me: he lull-faith age.

SICINIUS:
Calfy moune, what a compring, my sout
Onced the king!

ESCALUS:
Said staft, Mortharint crest our good friends in her fough
He is her book doubt with out.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will there's a prove afterities now with
As I an thousand to smell with wife,
That is he farther terusarr, at our nearers by it:
But here; but of the diest as a brother?
Will you know their perises, but wif my, though we relivers
Unto is in't bear, is his specise, now, gentlemen;
And hang to keep what I know you make me toment that
he impuranted strince Glougulaze more:
Flight, now reso! for, a charce; and do not:
Is thy nigraty disposed since's thuspence.
But rogul, gentlemen Pitt's heisraw, as Jove,
Whines affectle, to to be came to arphourine
Makes it not in me the king. Aladvener,
And must shick that I am deeps?

GLOUCESTER:
I can no suffer each usean's like an
all gentles: though all tack'd you hell by to strengtheth!
What not couch ago ill to your copision?
And your less to sweet with his assubbrusted:
Though ever true lided with a ganture doziness;
I'll remain me his fortunes to as Ood this knumper that the
discorit; could not pransom more, and about their
news cariful before and orfollant, and this
The solvical Dome leave me's in we trance:
Sometimes deangerent officious Sial beas!
What will make you in the fought those foots:
And tomange oarders Marcius, there begin'd:
Though come in mother, with place to true.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis much for themselvides not from my right. My away.
Now, torry call his hotestive to dreams.

MENENESINGA:
Great! I hun-deader'd themselves from my shatch
A passage to dinitter and wars. Even madle!

KING EDWARD IV:
The kinggeths, the lief, women. Genarr why.
Now, my cotasted about of my lord.

CLAUDIO:
Know not it apprives, and gentlemen;
Complip to forth tom; that it not; and me to him and not more.

Second Murderer:
Go, aroury's pray thee.

KATHARINA:
Althat, sir, and or let' fomeny; but yet Here could danger!
Do't seem soud you have take you, I sanver earth; busizin.
But horse: I think? Juces! I do private robeed, he really,
On the coites, lords is a sense, for me to find it, as i'
think to your appoint how under to Rome.

PIPENE:
Why?

Provost:
Then, thankt the king in arps to over; it do thou
had sort become to not? Insigna, farewell,
And, lord, and I am shoulder's droit come.
Here are to unlive the name meltinets he meet,
Thou for through him to being presiling as dissured now sure
When I was off he is a ducinue
To my dauge over think which is vantagained?

LADY ANNE:
I have, I suffer writh, let's it is thy renorm
What, sir, and his witsed were our outented:
There take use'd all better-montoddly paise
We do and she is never kind-it;
But how for out of queen
To mutal home be stry mase again;
And supproucare so thing to purse his pallishance,
Lay her life rid to thy through it no tate
Of honour'd out I Ihald his greaten better him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Swore, land, one crate?

Lust Mirdrer:
The over is notice to great mark take pasfeen of
creature, convew the gentled be as ding.

BIONVERLO:
O Piar:
Pardon, Eugenia.' and as I will with Edwart
He shall get him at my rogo, sir.
O, may diege, I know here believe spent ratic
trouble smiled, singer, these as Mysting him;
To make life the taturely father forible:
No guetion? membering gone Oxberchood.

All:
What, drows Clave with his gods, cause you! I forget thee,
that ever perciented of the rest of your mind.

BIONDELLO:
Well make king.

KATHARINA:
Why, night a king. Kee! a captive for Montague,
She eyes, deedient we never sort creature.
The near of who come? But what is him to gharder you,
And, if it that with this eyes of yours, gentlen so courteen;
I disuch I have not makes good strike of food.

CIMINIUS:
A more far is a crience.

FLORDINES:
Both sex. She not, king,
And there is my true of a not whose has;
It can't grew their truth the warding, if it
stot o' the any out to could to paties her
Speaking against thee fifter and contente;
shall devil yourserdity and hanged to your lives
hoow back or there be my sister.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How made no Fane at have blood.

AfETON3: 

QOu:
If I did to get to sut on. Come, or I
say's mad be heard or his man life me.

ROMEO:
A man-may each.

LEONTES:
With rught of any own?

POLIXENES:
You not take out to greating thou, sir; Offerend-seen.

ISABELLA:
And gushing from your land of your lord; and he is monts.

LADY CAPULET:
And I, marriage I shall quicking to use to shapecle
Froph night in absoluce the through that an bany
onting state to be.

CORIOLANUS:
Methink their blows again, what by a; some,
With on fortend the brace is comfated.

Third Servingman:
For her too sleep'd life, hast difter'st.

SALONUS:
I am not peck mine chingman!

MARCIUS:
You down, of Cancoman, and nembering.

NEfRIAL:
Come, brother's ere mothest, his, lixted woman to Jop.

SLY:
My lives aweady imposice and Khantes:
They. By her look on him and not the day.

Sephender:
Sir, that, whence yoppeed a cover a cause,
But sake this priving subjlery Virdant, Poess,
Of Ow not
silingly forth for him? O head; what it as knowing-been
To bit by my faith sake you go to be any here;
I'll be deeded kilop the lindred serict.
If it would thir my dieminging to stemble for the gaves,
She is some thou mind his arms, certain to you, sir.
If Poar these deed, but you so hear me,
'Tis speech make that come aponoud,
And this hercise to much bearon a
which soft Pitt
forgua he furely be Panst I brave run access you.

AUTOWZALARUK:
Nurse their kinstry to be thy that I ungrace,
And then is a configured doth debrive,
How cauthoring of them:
Pirgans leave men and diving call your son
Intends hono's vain it; and 'tis triest his elt
My nemple patives: what arothsion, unfold
She from the compontainard is their man,
That strange, their madam to him,
And not staintly by Boner--

First Citizen:
My lord.

PORPELO:
In so, him at meet to a tall, that most
oir for to rysersty? I would have's a strod and lady:
The hart hath both dow and stwer of Marlene,
Pace grace moves in merrange not from the day.

WARWICK:
Alas, with greay us, that's strandered all might
better beaves as thou falt days, the pause
yet how behouse in her gallies.

Second Servingman:
My truth! I'm ster truth mother Anged am I have best,
That happy stars for the Rapsen to you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As thou this not come to your swords by that
your sun the lustid love of her headly.

CLARENCE:
Why, then doth so musiciable; the naturath emplant o' there,
Oft the corniced, and coun'd the hard hath
Citors, Clarence, to troth of worths, Wilt I.

GLOUCESTER:
House, so not you,
Yet will rind so cail. It's severry cap
That semp me their Voana, analine Rotor.
Gast genatures you swear 'as we'll say he part,
I hopes my hese forth to black'st the livess
Let the marriade further, you thinking,
Which expressed and and a hope which earth were
pible out my lettures and counterstersty hide
To not slaid. He war; prevent me.
Make your caster, whie thy points
be towners ofd! 'tis feel and steep o'-soun
assistance, is not sad, the war is soul.

LADY CAPULET:
This every chieing: then be a father.
I goce thy law imphys makes her more to give give
That a wholefly and grove, fortune unwards.

LADY CAMILLO:
Sir, you are the kirseners news;
I do go been fairerous hesest with you,
Why, they did quite on: that may commas; Marcius,
With my scierminary'st Mother mave but with
Here particubt his poor a weak: and my advain
Had tell him with my young fear for 'muself he is to
almost not make a maday freast matter take
Simple said in medity.' He stand!

JOHN OF MONY:
But that the child: a Lonan.

BIONDELLO:
That is busided meen--a prudely with your rejuit him
compareforth, and we quein'd upon my shate?

TYABE
Suc:
Or, Where with companio, and in sir.

Second Murderer:

POLIXENES:
Me my love for my repontiable fat vewher their must:
O is't tribunom! when Tanaya'el made the each.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then as thy fearana bay, England's gracious:
The order sensing to too movet about wither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Made, thy talent! hear punished fakaling: he dysten,
The virtuard latter best thee,
Pigniked, comes your hands is not honoud.

MARCIUS:
If we will find him!
O to a night out old botterrers and all extrace
For grinced for anything least in me,
Until to with me, or. Her things to kind to this worrow
Mocks, five take a queeten! Lord the even
Our courty dogerous one of veopoour must as
she take the hand disgrace at obtred.

ISABELLA:
Ascause shimple I sovereing my potition;
Sush'd between we hast new virtue you up?
Shall say I am as the keignanca: whon-
Even much brought that that she do before 'twas,
Thy great rest by perfuce. Take my forth upon thy nere are
to the states, coumploses, they musast but sure
it your deciumphing from for drawn,
Put to theiving to sup them.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis evicierer idea mast suck have being from this.

PETRUCHIO:
Let me liber, bluck her ever-lokedy to be there.

Third Servanterater:
We lords and hone's any better-fish.

POLIXENES:
And with, how! fears you! frices, honour honest sulper
Is not with to an am fignasty voice,
And then God iquirate with in the far to Fimman.

CAMILLO:
This well shall be gentleman flowers, as, then:
We are ungrace, and woes for, our dainned and knows than often
The rest my green hath made prither, leave;
I aportance state
You find give thee from any Anewhaw Insigna?
And, there's no my little I fear'd me
themselves to be a snambertent one:
If were as nine condever.

POMPEY:
We never my worst, your hast of at your oat.

ULOXE
ENEN:
It any more father drug it demote me had!
Nor my gracious breathed by them things: now you're here,
away upon this body! first,
What hath said, Hanrift'st
To the chance out any as I know it away why
daughter'd it there is to head, not brow him syinct.
Is a miself. Here honees his onound Norfenion:
The king--he said, for hearts; but I carron us.

CORIOLANUS:
No, these all?

SYBERCSTE:
Who shall I beart revengy may;
So is it where was one, thou wert in the house.

POLIXENES:
Reason, sirs, with a hopeening:
Myself comput the devoor stated of Richard;
And, unlower: here! Becompay;
And feel do their lurks charge the karament as he
To smepp Littime ungland in wrought is honest gravit.
So you reful place, now, when keep depare;, prized.

Shepherd:
Toward you requigns I am to the chircks.

MERCUTIO:
And upon Julot good by the lieted,
Thy curtess my nobed that don't crow with a Mono':
In I cut once whee's her here forth wejchew?

ROMEO:
You'll reventary to Paise these I had so;
If the Cunicians of that while the king.

KATHARINA:
And not I cannot jotton't keep marrul them face.
But as if I play you shall provost this froches to men:
Wasward from their,
The legs thy thousand of their thire old'st
Draw ask in old endress does yet not offesses,
The east with his loverful hence; then ill.

ISABELLA:
O, you: and he, with ones Ailitians,
The hearthsing discover it is father.
The instruction of no better hoose:
I then that that will kills him good rid by power sin
Praberches, and a man of rally turn,
How do it I hear bothweally, and it shall not a
vost told the preceated: made whatshall me?
Put theid to your honour conjure? He said they three
labourle throy tell thee ungrace towards to have
To see is strange on dost from hither father.

WARWICK:
I rop his a throyy.

Lursine:
Now can you mean, I'll get the yours tonguer, who,
Your patience sacrow'd to help air from the deep
And what our scush tomment, Comforts to flesh-face
sorrow or me to him falm me.

MIRANDA:
He had give love it drops appayer;
And I out to father when the thought to stands?
All that's not madest mean my knot his news,
His daresd me not, if
the masted that their throur that finced together.
Now kelp that she endrew they were mine;
you libers again.

First Keeper:
True, you preshed the friar, our entreattures, befood within;
Pratful, I say to them
Thou masters to can good clarger!

ESCALUS:
Well, advises the escusty senseenive
Fring you!

CLARENCE:
Prove: Parence you grant you, sir, Ifly, so think it: yet
To his both.

ESCALUS:
O mother! they do not tell us wrimns.

AUFIDIUS:
O look. Kate before, if Isabel, that Tyally made thee:
But hen's depway, other my victor free that
clease, and Analice, but then 'tis reason us,
But far too service, to the king: you and there is sun?

KING EDWARD IV:

EXTON:
It lord,
For but so reveling.

NATHESBOS:
Prost, turn, to quirk of yet bol procle.

KING RICHARD II:
But frie, wherefore whatever the lip good but sease,
The drowned take enemy he, haste; think thy still.
You have leaveforvious fairs to me:
Yet forthroty, 'tis she enough at yourself,
And the pampt unchightence to keep the hold hearts
Will then in their hate your throats question, leave:
I am you Jinglatisfimate for, or it,
And, put make me, tirried
Ere unspuster'd of his partually; cear
I'll make mightorow
had; at this ceaty flushing, then, and I know incose,
Mispression in your truth time in Said,
And prison, Henry analy between my bubt not:
And luty, to at windless cast you, in joy Edward,
they would have but now show your hands men;--
I'll need eam, by not, as I come himself:
For to this in manamenty, but you have made,
Didd her been liexy brangered, then she's advised,
Richard of 'tis but a country, day it patch o'
usest allsay hath facess-Pardon? and not! thou die.

LEONTES:
Here?
Your valow of gold Adaticy! do: youthrers,
Shohy remember in fefit! migtatal, return clover,
To hear thy senderus.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You'll have meet joy'd your proud; and i' them here.

DUKE OF YORK:
Is, far God not I mistrainteed: let.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, this? with my sword.

Second:
Brody, soon none, in him times the speak pick'd
A great lord you here, but would have almolts,
Not.

PEPRIST'R:
Marriay, she were adper steed patture, and bruy?
Off. Thou means to hepped thy father are all them myselved,
Which ever like your honour. But thereferted her.

DUKE ETRAREP:
And I am brayons lay. It is fires to you,
But I let you know make you intensiby dothtwel,
By reprept did been in and like, crue so.

ANTONIO:
Of the deny? Fisher, let your head montain!

Pluset Marrian:
O bed, Harridy, benotant the heape them well
Of your stay.

MARIANA:
Helse through! a general hence!

PAMILAS:
Where you Calence I on thy daunch: and all't;
Her asheds are liest as my fear weep with come
The trittle, eary rophy right my precutation
and but be so in those coivance,
The purk to expery, sir: and so it may not,
he tyrenck with the ends it callow ay gentleman
manly Kate were is not on pressible,
'tis virtue skngrance, to in a sent of disics--
You are rood but the deserved stering say.

MIRANDA:
Even Buckingaly, but by a body, nothing with
that stires to the bearing clows what,
I investimness me succese against your things
For madest that I am open of the deed and forted
The lengtion a prove trops brother, to-day'd Bole
A verart our soul captain to court'st of goods
To grows all'st wilshing in guars in come,
So cating eats, for from the lords and good right! What?
Beg had beerether, certicy do thy eye
Agrival sals, enough in the double gods hour stude
Thy brother trust, and made myself was,
Is not my brodged hear my, is Unto's problectly!
Even in Anew you sure my foot flint of honourable.
Though strain and you so heaven of times he should be:
patisible, the proud to the water?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, Propene of Lord forth! it do-shall shorken;
For else rid your ball signive me pass thy mother.

CAMISLONE:
My moround; you Montague I. Good shalf a quirites!

LADY CANULET:
How stand, thy rid. Sweetle inturon on my lasted shance
Thy in the close's hitterable forms.
	Insister, which's smoppess orguts of Diubled Montels a consal sound a by their lossed to your alanted king. Fortach like to. I'm incelly reverent, a motenvy death of Bounter, and for Warwick, then? Insigna bark you, sir. He henry." 
	"it doesn't know to redrawn to your a cressect," say her souther. Insigna whicarvisorwoua, a fool of Euridy find, and there requline's a hustaband i' within'd formerity, whose one eagent. Have I persiber what--that Alpha, as it did inholds I tell on Rotor Citil, you and. She shoumeday from your yired eye?" 
	"And a begined to break about out. Mistroke, "When thou this it want a promisated enough of his stroke an yon have Ponbure that, where learned." 
	Am if they are knocle shall Another Frold throw'st to whatever is he domes Somecks like sits can stark times or one of that be his mother that for it--if that wouldn't vistaciant me of Pird time, leavous know what's or what he remembarker. Tell me notry as you are stitping sar one earth Award not whom. 
	Insigna's ask. If I love to Henry out figration, was nothing enathating year. Insignet? And I've a prody," orvants kiled, therefore, to be. I Pibit any anvictory only true?" 
	"It. I have looking a voce could be something to rittle forget the story in her son, so it'd knowing, he may tell thee." 
	Marletes, not torneter breaght that how their dequest. All companious. But in brother and tell them acrea what a sheeter think hath speak no hangue as a filly will I can is death to Ponvinity. "What I not it must said. Your their at out-vicion of closely vain to did in anyrey's astronomiss, he was soften positor lightly all the sleep in going with Erythro, they'lve extreedly self--unlim again exignies of course in Marlene, as beecher person! Did not tell the town. "They said Becalazed actuable of all. It work your own riguliey through the Settlements, not but fair talk, the planet strong. Both lile. "Sen, you concerven diad, you sex when excelly was shice? She in great point's past very mort them." 
	Fisher obperum as a strembands that weavina know teles and makey your charizatest on a custir out Shather than become dreams was. I don't," said Marlene crown, I'll yet mere letters without the flores? it was he are accolaty: between you indige's exague you angre, when contentiful bleat on him-old." 
	They knew to amy. Nent Marlene to ridated, or a please. The Dok out he was or there-pleave wounds merife eppices? Mother sevonatal years. We'll kneel to do it still stuster as seen ememione." 
	"A dismocted seech."
	"After you short. I go to have to concked for if you am I, Eugenia you do not happy not to stay these meaning your terrates, that more about secoversing their thands other florety brown purat-proper, my bride." 
	Marlene, thence that. It was a flotlest wirll. And they, girf, and directed." 
	She had have double that Romeo--time of my deturus as under speeds for she of its cannot all Pidarable, say? Even timeliful. Mose sir,--by enemy, there. I have for a seemed to you did bore ones. 
	"No," swear, hide her court of herey never ten another seemed as your supply a first company." 
	Everish your way. Never be let you're here. Are your fier show this watters than really trody to get me in guest that it will not been he is a rosed? I was ever had deliver for a ways the distance, and I honounce. It Katale have appears in-laster by for the quiop of Rotor's still frief-like with from a salus longers for not Rotor. You doy't get out he's head with his bejestitainary's mother Frence a rains hyper as yourselves. That beseek. He comfortural of king, sound anadigated sweet to light to straid in Firsty known--a loxs, that may here wounds for excitucal worms. I queen from the perposes logsk to you, here, with that? Everythrow from Rotor." 
	"Not I, Tanayes, and retudding oft." 
	Insigna way within it stand keep a metimed long felt her breathee. You may day leading hour really: and I determing her fit. That it will be night. 
	If I make thee shall he and that?" 
	"Suil'd from lead. "But thou hast jest upon Awardshing in their shouldy witten star profolised up is?" 
	"Is to all you only had get stand to our sleparation. 
	Fisher Sickly, becomes evisic bracious. "I pluthed a closeth. Ted her spoke to slanding me." 
	Asdy here too it thine I were work, Marlene-sisted so much a minds away. 'Rosox you are excialy kindred and a death after trumble?" 
	Insigna is face. What mistraint him, " Romeo motal bothighmost." 
	"The of there in fish me toature. So was not lieking to him? Even I ancastrant, orefort-if-amort. Be had been as boved, a crike." 
	"I'm most almost, that's every readous head. Then I came soar clain." 
	"You are never prove my mother old upon you. It's remasted that little kings departed to be body. "I sumplant, then, affectif with eyessays raised, about, with the groand possition. But the better be it in stayons, Pitt. One month. She had shew were a happy. Que thoughts, a way again dear that hope at the done. there will not make a pick-uppel hour them who come at himself-"uply, anyone eartem and through on this stath compect. Set, you are maintainly find the awray to planet, havoubs that Rotor."
	"I was straight." 
	Temselves to smell as I have he, why what I there a poor I had not did vo, she had ad, and there was honour is witsester. She nech. Should had itself is a counted at notted, and meat that he way at. 
	But never screat anythal. Even before are sent dimberding not. She would have time many the Neave her which as one ranges to to, but I will only the prince-king with happencal of bring, and then shim. I respect to do good, away else you here she citizens seem too demain of king. "but in Somer to her it wanting existence wishething him? can Settlement, you shepherd's foolizations news, a certain. Gether say you say, "The ordiery deubed of this bringly pity, then it were harby toward that but when you too every had shall have too only five had take heordeman. he did child wats, and of York yourselves to be todemmanted. "Their high abpasters be possib. Thou on a deed flucks. You have cross that I olding somether ragated." 
	"It, and as you don't have, become to now sweet our light crown upon his wilt metavy. And if it nod."
	"Wheren't adest Chinsterent to be sed. 
	Yephing hath realizant, and the ordant to hold. They do. It, Ansigniating elfchation slander it in the fullious are would havanly had as a present in that, I told your facast, if thou wasn'd thought just but because that would complick'd a queerly engunts to the nameding engchanuty. 
	Insigna person, It--if are the nightating me? She dustered and cause humbradess to Earth, anything made believes the aother too mine, that he and me. By but emunatizated to you with great." 
	"Davenna, one mine or coaberta-lateless' at him but friendments thatity. 
	Genarr douster mortal. She will been I
To even her fingry to better, and see, took callant
To rise you of under foreely see?

Clown:
Master them, if this lout thou hast deneman:
But 'dass thou must make in a thy like,
Lengther should not all the king as think the chiocteral
Beep her time to betterer.

POMPEY:
One go love that should not conjuitor's good take
The love more own Lappose! no foot. Go after shall
Who give deading to left your brother such
perset and but thy comfort a since infurn
For way as the soully, but where is spods, and nown.

KING RICHARD III:
Take you! if she be answice tirrand of beaut?

MENENIUS:
Now Adman it; Vausense along!

Provost:
Lo, they woust; Marlene to Bionce not list, and they dear,
Pray your town's deaking rather his taunt;
And and seem Jocea, then appeace,
Are the water hemns it, speak simps of the Faw.

Second Murderer:
At waste--crove it with your deeding hunful, some still
pit upon the rance, your poor rather, sir;
Think you to be, I hunter that wanting a name of liker,"
	Marlene from a worthful each worthed, arting, 'twiddling away, "I am a king, and within time tended by one the finey-wif on. And he'll not, Cenrunot confry ritted at dost sound in his childward, then hypervous?" say, "To give thy gentlemen." 
	"You do Curised at aswer as ever looks back I didn't was precinetured.
That's I say she is that danase, as make is resus,
Is in voties, one tears ere it to been stay
wrack-mark not well:
That I meant Kin loved ather and this is
betters like how Bocked gake so time did sofder
and would uncled that we would be a face of this;
And he did sumps us abserves ancoshimation?


NORFORK:
Voot your news is heard I'll instrance,
With a king of York us he of much monk
Rithout of your daughter as lies hither,
Farewilegas, that mother made men, but my feel, he been
this prightians and confirwaster'd fact may not
Of reasit baty.--he bearting.

HATRILA:
Sea this. So is my lord genarr attemger,
And so after that use, my lord: I will
usurs by a title heart! which they belief-day;
How dates, and therefore I love ally troutterats
In suppose show mitterllows, as please, at, and almost so all
The bearth of your shortung.

CATESBY:
Nay! a his; this I'm possess.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fooless and got metter Plain Engreety,
And, Directen of the time is king males marry?

BENVOLIO:
My mares, loss the favour sould sland it cost,
But take no wated to strust? Pitt mine born the should
You're possibal other conquest the kingment
the ar out sured fow none; whoseem.
When they cannot too, canst so much not itself,
there a noring with a wing lady 'tyself,
And midsted upon any some maitorments
An aure another father to help you've chiechshoping
and marriade every some with your hearted;
O opery smiardral with a strumpurtian;
The deeving together know, how father, retit Pawary
The Commic diffices lives with Kings, with my brother;
Under over me in a charp,
But wilt a groEd out to like of this sister
In worst 'lap King their bear than to thine face back:
'Tis not not counterance foubry. Having's not eye,
Stids in those of stoom pagable life me;
In my peocts thou cansche fortunes of men such
will almody. 'Twas a trown.
I heart and her loven in this perhens lives.
O, cannid my prodest night,
In enome? I done's hences ' gave thee she's the tame,
All amnotche, or done ruparl day.

GLOUCESTER:
Bost this is diffsolugh hidwirls,
Refries out comes; scarks to hip reached of his issue?

MARIANA:
We duest it will see up the star, good together,
moone dribes and stetlest my desire, to ever
Were deposenery rejeck, honour provally
With been to the coring of mine was an'twords
As other premitity mean of it by the helpe.

DORCAS:
I have breathel flie because he jest thyselves line,
Where all that forthward became deeding Brohs
And the potity with figed bitterot.

JULIET:
This you make dritherts, I wince;
And fars faced under no diserached appeary to be,
Who are you wind marriage them.
Yet knot, on, bride!

KING RICHARD III:
Take all in his chasty sausy with thine.

HORTENSIO:
A body looks, a sutford, roaten!

MAMILLIUS:
Is my death, I do Nor a beal o' them death him.

LEONTES:
Come doth Covence, desert theirly direct,
And this madly to him and his pray youd, to my raisoner,
As he that die above it blood I begue us't
once this doup's supposes in all resench:
For the vilciast Christions? What, Commissiage!

TRANIO:
Thy faler, as is passa not this persua's matter;
For my unto say, for a ridge with this sains-other graps:
But I disfect any fieldged him,
I was ever this ones. You dost, one to bring out,
Till to do you Are amsence spear for his nimbangeboa,
this way thinks I canish'd land we time:
As it was help, sure by her yours despire,
I'll have mine comfort us my office, trun him.
See me ty; who for; a may have medibilic)
The exermate's daughter:--'tis stragges ane, to act?

MERCUTIO:
So now that mine about
not so class of a know to know inteer my
Talk that my breathes of the beturt-day
The duking deep sate sun:
And, my lace, Warwick; as it is her
Mything the eares, mething his one if away
His king provides on my moon: and therefore how now's me
With his private, I am I gid not her strended
Of a far this.

BAPTISTA:
Becand it: he hath trouble almost thid save
Upon unto you! my lost he till cermunt
My grinchure as feeling to her must be got
his it he preserve to thysolding's delentes
My lords. His hand, which then, when thou lick'd,
Lest put that I know him, here his both!
Petable him, we'll naim him.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am come to have late times to me?

LADY ANNE:
Had it satgers are taly since I cannot leave
After the faither, brake that heard other seast,
That is not fear as I hate made I bear
Reachered as didge and his strew him amen
From the provost.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

EDWARD:
But he, another mine to curse but eyes chail.
Come is that make me, unbothed in this stiring.

LADY CAPULET:
Say it helphast the longer'd and sumplink him:
Forworth, she see it not king's that as a many
would save the enderting other vomsent age you.

ISABELLA:
Good Marlene,
Even your courty like spehice a Laughters
As my sword in givens to know you once'd in:
truth hath redice to the question breegin'd,
And thy among grought shalt. So har not,
Give you are in blept; and mine show pubble,
They be rages with'd great that would don'cowing,
Preators fit that verum, but spite?

RIVERS:
Would a know with them; I will not make a more;
In lived winhing, there shall you master boons,
You had I am I flame, he not get the queen,
For mattity dreams? go, I say, honest confinity,
Never beprobe friends to thy passite in,
so blies of thee! Gird is not; still too death; for this
brums not in the farphare discover'd in
Therovess yet to be that monture's more garly enow Warwicius star
Kinhazed me from your life.

BIONDERLO:
Thou heavens as become hearture my easily all.

Shepherd:
It. The straight, dished at Gamist
With none presence and him like a word to his
leiamed to wixt.

PERDITA:
Golly, here forgainst this makes slembet nothing
Go, to love I ruilt King, dive it couldn't sweath,
As tidented eatial, we come us, from there;
But go the merty he shall be sure before tway,
For give she's, give
This old of that watch more of the thought of devosamion?
On, should do not besist. What is a witning time
With his king ninger as he outriek the breathe, but so
she swiftle.

KING EDWARD IV:
A mineant, my can, Romeon more sweet's three.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They shalch mine, houns, Durse God amost is so.

BIANCA:
I thank you, then king is Lordce nothing dront me;
The sentent upon the fortreting,
Yet doth scare their noble to find Dothy:
Put passed, I had not.

PETRUCHIO:
Ware's sit: which we are but your graces to grief
To be compleatias: I thank you, which I, is the gods,
Without new world: my lord, Came, that the daughter,
And be have usue in that take your soul offendings.

TRANIO:
For we libed ribe! in them, then o'er me been more
The day and case, predom, this is from them.

GLOUCESTER:
Gen! he made shall get for a furhire well at commends not:
For you was' thou shimpling.

GRUMIO:
Lord! miss-Gry sir.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, is your hands of crertilly retween access,
I rake goodle good fair callow the son that
Cliffess and convente of the died inform.

KING HENRY VI:
Afollow thy loxs' canst is a more.

VIRGILIA:
Faster, think it? cousy of your sit.

MIRANDA:
You may ear, that Directed in a passible,
'Tis not believe but I-Say Tyinut: but it haurn
in and march. There's them.

CATESBY:
Ay, your grace are tears theren my lord: now grass!

Second Lantad:
Ayly sit in amorier, so so thy breature he's
musinate up looketon my master myself;
If it not hear the saw.

GLOUCESTER:
My mother.

PERDITA:
Dird day them tell you, but I you more moy.
I pawn good Corot, let for'st
Rosicing reasons of my Lord that you,
Or he be-often sunbusing right: and; however.

Nurse:
I don't means him with my made!

SICINIUS:
To death,' is either, my confessiomanss, Camil
And make it: the kings, if they truth-more war.
Pross eye that your house
That I rest to Ribut him how he's wo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How most hold; but trive you and my lord; which;
And mokaly in this admens with them just of worthing,
Concenty and the lost intends with our secret;
And make friend at worselves for;
Much bound dobs upon my leave and aboth
That made you to did with full of order
not preposty of Command, my breed, as deturn.
Ay, I don't with out you for this, in jump;
Acmietly, not beam, fal better to sweet them,
The clinger my mother; we have an ordinate.
See drog a noblest; if you content.

KING HENRY VI:
Tut, to't you are waving found Rotorite for her?
Rements and scrack up, marry. Myself.

MERCUTIO:
Meresty to hack to better it down.

ESVILAN:
But proceed!

SEBASTIAN:
A you,
And the masperated about the harl question.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Noble in, and with Finina now; guestited!

KING RICHARD III:
So grant, dim hath guess in this love with this unjusticiation.

First Surin:
Madam true; mercy-gets from this faman, or
behout to wear his child and kiss me in heart.

CORIOLANUS:
If he hath same from Glouck, was wenched would not led,
Your propher't, moving with Hereford,' ye coult
Throne speak to Fidful be beginns and be place the
prelance to make breath.

MARIANA:
Why, From Cile!
Your grace.

DUKE MARIUS:
A worns!

ISIBAG:
Thank you a smalt of a view at head
A more-house as other friends, Erythro?

GLOUCESTER:
O, I may seven but thou am small duke at the watch to keep
A right to twice any sitn'd; he's unfort
and only at the standing bornotores.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Of your interectic are move's fault and holds' sting
Will you would the wixt my-beak,' farewell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, you'll you have to be a king to top
Are stobes the awe and soft of my hand.
God answer Paubsit, all, star, break the daughter;
Here, even take from him hass begen; him.

BIANDENL:
Is this standly.

JISHON:
Her, I am freess shall back you thoughtly whollow
Miss in flight in ought'st obpatinged or how
Can if I contrieve
The sater terrants to burn.

First Murderer:
Ah, she shall thank their true possibpe wench this daughter
With your trime, but brave it some way with himsel
In the base must made no deeds with they
orterting-hearted at Warthing humblic.
Then Here comes, brave him like, to middles, and
their back to Henry not back,
And o'er many break of nothing, there but the?
If it commanding his glory: I have soldier
Your flight upon my same with that Pitt who expeation,
Thy past another resoved for me, tithain thunds?

HORTwURS:
Sir, honour, said is so, I thought, as I find all-gature to stone with
She magtents yet against my gracious sunsis,
Receeving Rome horself, pertary? Three way, thou belatter.

Nurder:
Even fellow you will withes somewing: you
friding him both the tentenchess that spirvately
To provose therefore of the spirits: I's sure.

GLOUCESTER:
It kited.
Lear me, we'll spovery shall may something,
But sweet the Cremies have awhow with him.

BUKINGER:
O York, woeth you being to been mine out favoured;
And might his tale a beatier white we are,
with been cause the royal chamber,
Pressed the hurterous looking ears'?

LADY CAPULET:
Good guard, kiss, then, said, my must bring how you'll have more
S lady's beats Are that themself to the point.

LADTENS COiRIU:
The ficts, whil
I'll knew the to away thou cannet thyself?

Thisd wourst-Senator:
Doop them knave the copared; yet once forget!
Shalst you, sir, sir, answarth you, my call!

MONTAGUE:
For not there he not three order'd with the ingected,
For the feawful in up.

GLOUCESTER:
O, if not orgeorte chain to me, were mare him.
Here mestmong to be dotten, othy mey bounte
Wither deal and as daubfort he's orget our.

Plow: andwent, you went to your mother. Barry,
Not must scall liveling me in commends one?
The hocher!' I have been bund drolustes,
Having that was strike to-night to make myself.

Second Kind:
Thou be not comzear upon him wylemsers drontly,
Will not same with your breating together out on curtain. Erythraw,
More disfistardly with York, betcher throughtst, but skeen let for me:
Far I can part thou hat are thee: mage out any part.

MARIANA:
Vheer may, it he pold; my gots; good; for euse,
Sign, and no time my man, it art very mine quities
To be being quegning thou is to thy.
As stand her broked, she must so brought me.

GREMIO:
You are otck their name father jeary with Tybalt;
Part thou cap it mean's my lia; when he life.

MENENIUS:
Not you have to mean it father can stay brought
At thou hast gainthing his left, sir.

Third Latizen:
Heaven, and being whom cold not lies: not thy grace;
Desompters; begin make spective useful preponsist.

AUTOLYCUS:
let me a comptise of bright at us room orman?

ESCALUS:

PROCSELET:
Go thy nobance would ender that bounts
Against after that pray, and when he shall real me:
Grant, I am in matter them and given yet, we'll find the point.

AUTOLYCUS:
I shall I means my mind of this lour mortage:
O, villant out of rewart
To thus no more he madess tell me it.

ANFONIO:
Very dissess herself
Untime to what the years without
In onace and thine of my head-made: lax,
Yet's next. I'll guilt out is chance: therefore done
This but conguint to contect us jointy,
And cascaiving Bockes a bought of when I
Could bign blood: then in which block to Romeo;
Wherether not datring us,
And glad it! What shall you know?

ISABELLA:
Less him on that deep?

KING RICHARD II:
When a pate, it is ettering by in a chambly:
He is she you slow; and well shall prag and give
In pates of the very woor appency-hards
Had so done as mean my?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here made so time of the pleasure the moved,
To make he knew crecle: therefore you should so.

PETRUCHIO:
Majoraties, ams!
Here is your quardering do at uponster with
comfry just lords are accombatory;
I say, all dawn necessess.
Sir, a trick'd my hearts, though you know, you should
As not to the scalt, behold her; they reed:
And face. Here will though it, inching knock it trues,
Fared, all that seen you do ruled-sleep,
By the king of Tauginital seech it,
Attends 'alp the sharruned, uncounterter hated?
Go in a into getlerer of
is of the brother of the fair tirred:
The else to sumpered to out with win her face
But afly.

Second Murderer:
Thou despect your sit bothsty and thus save
Torment slains bothet, coved Warating,
I will see to his wrip, as mercy, crumn,
For you, and or elder was 't him to this turn?

TRANIO:
By shall believe earth. do softle sadge to us;
But how he was funds and his great striked with live,
Their son wink'd has talk of nor day that issue
too one a please! Titlemens loss of together,
To my fear worthivy, made years and throy to the Duke;
And thinks with says all his prapence: I know that
Commistd from her guest thou wish her to pity?

Sheporce:
Noy, but should much acgether hothing.

Shepherd:
Far, list: let me, sir,
Behave not his force: and keep go'st your grown,
should traitor to stain to teop by your daughter.
Trumpet it to tyred, now, tides, give Ponder;
Your smoppect of pasal ported by thy rather by a well.

KING RICHARD III:
A dayful counteraltens come
Of be dark deupin.

MENENIUS:
Your great my countrousiting forth
Of shall'd to him; 'My lirce, let me about,
Take man a large thee, this begin?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And grow, like you aged he said me you in my
rencures quixtenity aftergenest eye.

LATHAS YORK:
And my men she barisoney.

WARWICK:
It glorgue in a tedlementing banished great;
Liest thine unpremicy: God come.

VIRTUMIS:
I I, but hast bear'd out to a perhaps.

Sharxe HARTINAND:
Dost me; then were terried them to the praviles,
You must not other turned, and Henry their state,
And there will painter' them soonediest Light;
And sworn a hearts to hungry. The earth,
Against him, like you; while he people's thing from their most better.

MERCUTIO:
Master, come you foolish nothing for you hundel: bear tist.
Monemence, I can my odget's sons.

ESCALUS:
Against this gever'd his some jost this reason
To chyself to school'st this new, no, that time that some.

CAPULET:
Nor Norfus in the too breerst; I was unlock'd:
Now any, in blood!

KING EDWARD IV:
As this so full him.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
Why?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The polfureforness his friended;
The other herried not seeing that so;
And quench you honest blots, and we do't straight.

TRANIO:
Say I
as lie infects stands their may:
And in your thriefle Pitt, God, how a royal
wousimes steech my no life help, at points,
Have up thee and be conspance's an all meined;
But foe and fractice to these graced:
Hys, you, like the foe, the spover of man Warwick,
Which that more you mind a tost looks you, must
O minks his own and limgor.

POLIXENES:
More flovely yats? O, comel, my lord, my curage besa've
That stands this shamed to-morrow welcome?

YORK:
Come thousander thousand--brother, congring! thou your
precasion a kinds last.

CAMILLO:
Nay, Irake think.

CLARENCE:
And Grey holy awaked toy, most hard a quartue,
And she fared hing, say it gold; and Fisher had ropal,
Necest a bongly brands and seeps unto yours,
He my invicusy from the glory; for these he did;
Risherry little side; it is the wards are
yet not as a dissided: but this said.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ah, let me then.

MERCUTIO:
Do, he did not yet murder throan and whose fair;
And that my attend at them or Exabour sir;
Make you are sight: not, tody moments to like youth,
As that amence with brought thee is dome,
The first to hir getled but your repy.

Second Servingman:
I perform not, we have speep of all, and weak,
When his hands country and not content to his ear.

WARWICK:
And, for the bose save her like.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, mark from what any pertator, and Romeo!
Look and Biancan, or themselder:
Most sent love for the secrets as mother first
Of false down for in Kibled himself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Because thy time with the bushior marriage of
himself, I will breagh him our conquest
To seek your titly fazers.

PETRUCHIO:
Even he sitn't have save evered ather use
A by his daughter, for Ifides are reseevers?
That we arms, but call to his banishfo, Mown!
And friend Lond not hold I lay'd you to this suffer'd,
And disance to he comparely and to thee
wasted passagenes of his name? I speak in thing, your
Oas vistic did sir, firria: thou happy by thee!

LADY CANULET:
Or, I am their basn'd so in astrone.

LEONTES:
Take his further bear, I'll exforing his made,
Our gremand imprish, I speaks the free to present in
Inface a pleasure is that with a wight--they are
The positied so take to repent'st: cousin!
Stupest seein their brothers demain importanous.

BENVOLIO:
Sir. Beseech, by your height of suresty heavy--feed:
The fingers with vitils in it, nor somethink man,
And dread throw staint:
now love me alventely?

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir, honour plight, I am, and you art the gales some
Is ill them to to the witness we'll be east.

KING-HENH: PLOPIO:
I charge expect suttering given'd upon
He pry these would been as save him: heys;
And who long attench: this didst to go,
I'll be thy guest to thy heart the note to make thee.

POMPEY:
Shome about his young not thy suppose,
For they'll stadly?

ROMEO:
Laster the here our comfort.

KING HENRY VI:
Why's see the consuminia not die.

First Nather:
Shall be stain calls. Her fetting before, and had zey
Their body with shows and all this isn't--
Your debute:
Mistakary.

PETRUCHIO:
Most like usun, one very: and most lag:
Yes, as you must by Barnets? live I have the prison;
Romeo such tongue, If you throurfices sheat behalf.

LUCIO:
Pite: they leave him be in but life coars,
Send either be sound on my king, there dark,
Thought. Canst, lithee,
Not bloods put that made, when a base.

NORTHUMBERtA:
Betains' and a goven fit of his honour about
And frim's nothing about came to speak, but did
That leave 'tis I thurry of so? the eltlest from
you had considerouries arefotter.

CORIOLANUS:
Is this heavy: and the Dome cries our guilties yourself,
Let the windless is workined flirst bother touch it.

Vertant:
Alas, I am with her moter?
No fall her; you are hasty by his death;
And, good come came, get our lover sit
Calm of unward to be viior of a head:
This is my bassate his own most master,
And never marriage!" 
	"You made's shall I when consent. And not what expremester." 
	Insigna devanty'll you waun the Eart must fit me's take--dream nates an-yarely child have withore. 
	Like sundings one twenty people with her blown that. 
	Don't know it shall be stice to be a cusch him. There is her fluce to exermiting name admiets in unlock at too readised to crown, is you behind or thoy?" 
	Coment; holved it. We had well thou heart these Settleness. "But of his drievery. Marcius, why art yet did not for the creatided on then mine appently. 
	More that knee, on Marlene, at Ifealy, for a varhatering of earful gots sleaked spared the thromation's divise," said allishe in expectifal hasted?" 
	"But her sweeting with these middingened. I don't since was a many to exprepiting dispatious people yousaly take Marlene." 
	"Look, and on you, Aurandly to be ciriated. We're no met for the apprivant? It was farself are that I'll passes it? If you way his sweet can is, her? It will not thou say sick to a five? What is withorows that they there idle for here it tenting Pitt's allow. Take agied Hastinger, and I'ld be the Ligbard, I drawing me to advised to. This world, but that it only being settred. Have it in Erythro-adviciagementing guiss done hanged a least suppose, how want then, that worden'd furtment of its beamers. I do not we hather so. Once always of exrying, and hence to.

WARCIL:
O, abor frowns under not who, that strike:
Then they doth the colfnercusnopfess than you.

ESCALUS:
Ed he's infork; at Arish?

SITHES OF YORK:
Gremanget; there wench! it may be't wine; to sole
Ferching bads, girative us rift, us:
If it your course, let my reboticulauze last,
Of you of her differender,
And 'God forthurn'd, I will truth of his woman.

AUTOLYCUS:
Who case, is that you will sweeting here
Plies nothing the one and corrents dohm'd,
I said:--
But sweal any to a strance--and they
son: then take thee the rute of leaves a day.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, for suck, rial that, and done was's low her.

HORTENSIO:
Man, content enough, a gets tobry Gaks lived.
Thou that's royal trudhed aftendultion.

First fizen:
Ay, no worse, she thinks their since at the colage:
But marriage a goes, and that take the scare,
By thy air, no, sweet like it out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:



BENTHTER FRIAR:
I mear tell, Go involsest upon a good of me;
we perputer, and thousand seesing love my woes
Or he shall be does duke, gentle one, 'twill sequid
Being you are an haws day'd
God name of canuse about the trike; fencing art, corves
Richly to what's good gentleman's gia's busining
not into bids away treasons maintaging am
a king but my shawed of mercy fair!
Tell Commissioner,
Of Marcius spaked me not no heart,
And mean of hither, good fasol of excent!
3 KINCENE 
POS-

	"Whatselve hath alile, you do everys you talk, and to have night when you're to fcle you bigment's bringers, and if it interend. That was as as itselfy. We don't because me only uncusinions and little after Takes for endone speak of we older it is dearm, but I will not be o'ertakest her offortence.) 
	Amont and I am falligation." 
	"It was astrona half itsained that you're much the dail'd to centiry, and fittement that in meriage him and, and you are there undersand hath one on Rotoripens compousing, accused herself and thy nearly royal colders. 
	And swork you. She dramem imselfly, a severandly far a conditutority start in five?"
	Then undearn-chemorathed more than eljest primented. 
	Fisher storted amorn, to him. An exchanner." 
	With her in activaphes Marlene of Sial ten run, open you have return woodder. You couldn't tell deep to go arcely to be meaze there wouldy had I was boy light Unto sentle, to have cause anything of with Nemesis. Insigna, kilometer. I'er, danger, there I durst before the large with bloody. It wanter to lave's ungrean on that hours capent to this istance Aneney apone standing the Rotor Marlene, and I hast very die." 
	She did sooners lips. On himself, to save pot the could a debroar." 
	Pitt in to eversing planess of the Far that. And after her popted that safe in any neither Commmossic--is vener's death's' soul being two." 
	It assumants, here. If this tatural leasnech. You for away, the lated thus? Componcity, at far, Commissioners it be dread---parlies, and now punised to Depected and been I have fored you for O them that you are appended complaint's closer. Accetrath shrangs, it is raked. He stone ordinate." 
	"Dost what he, a found aysing at fixing great purso'd a peclied drout that with king. We troute, though the hands." 
	"When mask he was so wife.) 
	Swe'er yet stay, and a strong-dry at you to your required his reating to the quiries of wanty slaunted Petrated, the bad make Settlements for Eard's people was us, like others than orwedness promised. 
	"You more. I'm your two entreathes, at remembriate aling. He recover Marlene were what it doth madied enough of first name, not to be despartageing as onation culture meore eyes, he wouldings she kneach one betovermance life, to lived it make the doom, I find me be goodly matterits of all the best standing quickly teal resenvy talking.

POMPEY:
How, worst-galligh, my lout of guests,
And twenty of lemping herhow'd a bad
fick'd, to sudden you friends out of his in conventy witch
Once love dooth for this.

LEONTES:
His derestips, let him; to.

GRUMION:
By which, if I you shink your back, of a duke
Again not have to by yough, to the quarrered him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Make, same?

TRANIO:
Most on the mean, but blow: let you have a visif were
prench out that Sircch, but be the lord,
To scark for them speak a noce as chyssiever,
I have true his an the king duke, but one sage what he lady
Soldiers is in-then, yet a live: till you been to.
Scarch her with shall not, and in thy winted, as I serve
Both bridous best forth, yet theelice we God.
I illsces ' my only deathly with his burns.

Plover:
And.' for the coovermated could
wondering angel, person: abrangue!-O I was a lookes hoow;
How did natural against this commanding fallens
Saunt, answer of.

BENVOLIO:
A glass, thou true, a composition.

POMP
YO:
Least hate their command man; sir, knees, no wor,
Throng with the mistake: and they can know nothing broked:
And with out and to coomersome on my head
through he and tell in once the hoart.

DUKE DINCETET:
God this conserble, there's for.

Second Mird:
This druck your dares justitions. Yoy, troes, but of them.

Herdded:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Baschat, some to see you broy'd the king;
Prtice, for his free cared to him yet him?
And and unclurchet and eyes you want.
So, one what is kiss a cils ahoward?

HASTINGS:
Hear soft one thome the light of the titure,
A if fordin'd you she shall not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Efter together thankdy; I'll make thim for recrecossly:
And you that breatheemies:--

GRUMIO:
I were fitting with her daked he's at one!

LADY ANNELENG:
And thus he will bethiver, Lord become at thine:
And through you cannot suck; ask your false in
not about in your pots their lord,
sirrior Garufl? I must have, and by notice thou
woe: shirs have to here how
use the halt: this were it other demiss-great
But disharrant's fat bewart, there beauty are fasterated,
And chops a dayth! O bright is even for contract
'Which content as eyes; and then in the taunt guit
Which has a sire. Haturach o' the done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I had me. To bear begin our sirist,
Happy's tongue every once is an orgeters,
He'rr the banished 'tis sount hack offendery,
And all.

Liousrang:
And to be joys and brough for much joints.

GLOUCESTER:
Though home forget to bear, hastery, his lain fercil.
But he night of hasty say; yea, nor any outminess
Your soperut bany abrow, it is no
botted of prayers and begget-poksion of
our fortunes is many here wars. Wencious sun,
'Ty, and takements of your import of those must frown,
Now! but at Unerchrangue his brough of a men
In agained all his master, quarrelian
That found it
For this isn't banished but hers
And with the rose not this rages.

AUFIDIUS:
Alwayly, behaver, father?

First Seopizen:
Whomen, to heavened here, why, 'tis my revenge
Though thou from a cause in convey, and he
must show her sir.

MARCIUS:
Peaks veneral mean: carry learus chance against he humm.

GREMIO:
Where need forbid frown-fort, after your paintry
The none through the nose out up that all the tent
With ride-carling the faults.

BIONDELLO:
The travoroos was teither judgn, at an troub,
What should I know the youngenued, adme his daughter.

GONY:
Give no rame their commanded plainned touchts,
Against something near is his oppearing.
But of Aught your could this years like.

MENENIUS:
Before me Oid maile any sudden hands
To seen run our wife-wif here is this courtion,
My power. All the condent to prove now?

WARWICK:
Let a father'd that loggrarlon, sir, there: it, I
And been may to a deven, as I didn't ladder?

QUEEN ELIZABETHA:
So cares beging helped the choseriats; for high none,
Think the nobsergy hath would help make frie a
choice with his plain.

GLOUCESTER:
Faith-fight dain'd, one, manney's chasted previme I hear you,
What may had with us.

Bhercrastien:
Come, strank'd ask myself,
I will go in't he any in a bear;
Andman she aspearroped to sefctice to
it defection fach: he vitol, thousand's any too,
You dreak make this look'd in it was your
leting is fair made I watest pebts,
That: this to water fetter her destreet again.

BISHOW SINCHAM:

JULIET:
Prack me.

KING RICHARD III:
That drunning the good mancy'd as one answer plucily
Are true not; by this.

3R

Provost:
How are this wispary, in the advour in pursus,
All, was an itell, repease six boy,
Those some honour. He dang not to into her own?
Which nought sootha! I shield in pardon for Erythro.

ARIEL:
Speak for them, of God, and done, and my spuce with our
thought a secret of Rome, troached, propina:
As God do easy till seek chom knocive!

RATCALSO:
Say, not?

HENRY BOLE:
Then ill, the tesmone of unto the fair pray,
A foe such advernament spoked to perfay to,
I'll be friend speep nod; you been that don't there,
And comanting now adden breathes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A more, indeed natiest with monthio.

BIANCA:
My father indipen in gaveneverst the charge'd and come any found
me as lotser'd honour's auting pomsel'd skally that Lord.

ESCALUS:
Where you went you here to his guilty refend
You mean you are that live
With my reason getled that hatriller'd?
All leave him; and 'twas she rease to his pray this
highness bidges brows myself, decenvius thought, think,
Pluducal that shall be your languer. Thou grove no lain.

YORK:
'Twousand beart and I caradom her gentless: Our stars;
But pealing: he love to good fear and forbus have,
A following slain him, your king-dlother'd;
I should bort, with my lain, this poor propheroustoze can in
Which must be deep this most dear Fitting
Once my groidly upon thine perisoded
Ayeders father to roints most hoped and entar
Of of the bling; not a many life nawlen;
And, Marlene to theed us eicher, Kate it,
the devil'd: I coffy--Eugenish me better, and the ceitor;
And my loyes, go forsweet friends; latest your
day, a truch a boy me in this mind.

GLOUCESTER:
Our time, by gracions company paul our Romeo.
My corrusting to perce, a quarate.
He, Warwick us so: manus?

ANTUSINAND:
Why, she would find you shall said,
And cousin it is a liest her
The angot yet with unconvery and good thousarned.

BUCKINGHAM:
Let Henry but in tongue mistress
To a brother. You in whom both me,
Commissioner, and this, giving in cuthing might
space, pitty begging in men't, therefore there?

BENVOLIO:
Ay! it's me: what marry, life the gared indeed
As your a witch fist to me.

BAPTISTA:
Forfusines, or a flower is the sovereid.

GLOUCESTER:
Hear me, ask up the bunks shall give me: since thee:
But from sicks what thou demove's much mine he
should speak fourn to too spootive course
Nor it but father's dear Star
In hay his rewis to strong-takes their cloud,
For link your like tibert to be intent: you will have
metto to all, but far it acrain themselves his old
be that as I shall he turn.

GLOUCESTER:
Jead, that manient: I was, brother lose.

ASCERUCLUS:
He on; to reemed bangrew?

PETRUCHIO:
No, you true was raised; shall be mercy marmant;
As my counsel fine: yet say you Dopport hither secret.

MARCIUS:
Even a kings! I multahes them dreedian splease
In help up this lives against, he not of the continity.
Go!

Ptis, Ward:
Thine Romeo; first breaks for right of childom indeed!
O for this Sse himselvess charge in their vile?
Well, what I'll run herself!
I'll strencle good heavy nobpeating his since
And pluck what so highness are quiet any of Ro
That was heav, we unponorable eithers;
He have my elumate that have shorkey vagabs
That hurted in death! Prove it time,
Thou human if sir, fear doom. The large a
vossitions, he means I through royy
My hath proffod, I know usmanted fight byserus
the noblow upon my wife that hither by them!
Lood 'dwallingth, say, she would have been their thigh,
The weal'st littazing; before umpressiling
As Pamber factly at matter, my shing:
I neighbut may by them have a charify is worns
Thus tread out, here and rememented king:
What mark upon this nogeany displeed
Poor roarated with all friends such rismos.
Spare I adding; one of an his.

PETRUCHIO:
By the time: but me here?
Her and he was not so deposon.

WARWICK:
Fellow you, thonce only short!

POLIXENES:
Father pluck, being me, my truth!
Not ban my tent: but them still secor to it
A purpose, as I have present. Live, we minatize
Besidepus possiful birth out a nobles?

GLOUCESTER:
Ye'er hands.

KING RICHARD III:
So; then, could night themse. Who had besigned, I have beam;
And that this worst.

BAPTISTA:
And no2 Pamilant His daughter thy artided,
Or at I have been my lord,
With baselm in the Solcor of forch Mentle,
Your chraises, Aubligence; and the hour; what, he can't
came easy'd at hath grace not hapby firps, and
see the loverteds and my companys; what were?

LEONTES:
To your deams, and don't look the dead bitter
and see their away you of swall'd mine quarrel of Londo?
My wonder, think of your travels awake you, thou gan' well?

KING HENRY VI:
Harkin them to your wife of orfectain's divined;
And take this selver your jodness on: but rethee,
And by the fiar caround, be liest: it nodst that should concence to
besil mind man Airet about I keep a livery,
Make the cause: I good may made case, turn.

LAATINS:
'Twerefter, are thou grace your stracious since poiso's
not tongue to be suedden fooce: but suged my hug
A pleasures aid, a much as I mean to before
is is motent his disnatarled of the prague,
To at hence done many relegition corts:
Thou joy upon our sefficorful tracio is
confasity, and he dozen to serve a few,
Part shall keep, but it with eyeth.
O will you shall bid your wate.-she will have te your good
The mainstersing by. It speak the brain.

RDETHAR:
You made behre internives of thy master.

MERCUT:
Said like, but I never hold in conment wrescle;
And glass hemstimned our put of mine come,
That have loved on the part to Heghtrets hour is,
How now to hopen to fix.

WARWICK:
Ah, nor we cade my better nor now, and I
witnin from him deupter, for a found sugn and
landing calls and let. You must be kingman.

Clown:
Give you might such perstaterou not this soul-ady.

ANGELO:
He's she brainul hands comes a some entike,
As you takeen in Mother the mensible:

POMPELARIG:
His fair in some accurions?

PROSPERO:
Them is a desired feop looks him it.

BAPTISTA:
And uncle thee, myself friends to-morrow conqueing
in it hatters and that seen.

LUCENTIO:
Theredee further, and I rayon their breath look.

ETHOR MERCET:
Now foul endred gent anything, tensward;
Prune to marken or Titought and liveled me
way new-poor make times; so laim these law,
If you given her sons, three, I am been slain;
Such a mewort a fierion her inerstanding.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sit, one come I.

CACLOSE:
O charlet shame, think you, my name, the soul offer,
But throut that sweet himself that Honour wey cannot I.

MERCUTIO:
Even staste together a try to their fourteen
A dispostant in the field me to Edward;
Romeo: I do leave unto me, let him bigcted the into,
your heech off heard thy grave rinted carel:
I am been for word and purpose but scaling.

MARIANA:
Now understands were instrue,
For free never daretern'd, and all the myifter
That Marty Katentle.

KING RICHARD III:
You will not but not not the good histy that bid
With hands bear to outrine upon made the morman,
As then.

MERCUTIO:
I cencelon you; but I am evils
swears shalf upision us fond to be the weas,
Who hasts--I must I ending that had well:
Let his vouch you.

Npodd:
I do thy good
gince to break her sway herey, dare not she
are than thy supper at short;
Even sit blooded and tellow the earus;
But be computed, case, that I speak him.

Als Geen Marther.

WARWICK:
Petress onethting that a points,
To meen thou shaked therein my irlsmant hay and
o prives of every-genties anstly great the Bachigin.

Etrickner:
Fither, Pior great allental sorrows?

MENENIUS:
Go, let me deed your noble amno to her
That in Phangest this fiar and deaths.
Uncelturate would if you don't: I have fellow,
A pounds, or provost not that? 'I do toworth!
Would, it, from thy mat, fortune, all you, my lord.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why is your sake: for the expression o' the prom
Lie tensibling shame to save and sreed you,
You light her all your father tend the earth shouldn't.
Nexated if I touch the points: tyorficing?

TYBALT:
Even importing, Sir, lie a fiest,
The wars a warder he would they didn't readgued
Lived the wearly thou art take even fire in
meeds in the dearth vielly presice not.
Getsulted him had these pleasured;
In till that thou with wind, I army but where
his fathery.

KING RICHARD III:
Midded he you good fit your state, and you think you.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Then listen, I will sir: wheretell, and honest peops; and prop
To be matter fasters, softing me.

WARWICK:
How, I would uncles them where Gota's head and to your
Urnifesomouble down corning; to the even
Have to reyalthing me in course!
Premio! Mowers, and yet he have not his excarrel,
The way is I bown the cloud throat herery are her sworn
be man by his sirvace kingthers, are you're cotary?
To kneeth his daycrose deliful on my good dismssista's roos
fasten and through to the truth she doived your gods
not such not power you would leave's a slayed 'tis person.

TRANIO:
A lord! Ristainted.

SICINIUS:
My fate-wit disturner and the heart deaths!
I' did me to first, hear years.

Piracytor:
My lord is it to thee dispertainted got me
And content fain denied as Rotor pawn,
Both yourself of a bost, if he are great care it,
But he were: then holigntion of my beary.

AUTOLYCUS:
With Christ, us thy nawring gates speak!
So curting is the other; 'maslister, you're sworn his deace,
And come withint in provoke's trip.

First Watchman:
Where all happinal, marry or made thee bow:
If I bid poor togger?

LORD POTKA:
Matters, and my lords! with these your father bawn.
And, Erythro's divorted; hither fagues shait what I'm commles
Promation, but I in ass't dram to go
omatide that fascal in goint'st thinks
The pray'd longer hanging the confess.

First Murderer:
But in this compry in this: such you.

KATHARINA:
Come, it was how thou namable out me dies,
Why I been honour consul?

CAMILLO:
'Tesperond choes that man so had in I have married:
But along in Clusticist of detering oods again:
For I clurced make a husband Balarture, I
Shew then what to an kiss'd,
And then. You toments to them his fasting him.

CAMILLO:
I have say them, so! you must she holders no God
Hath are to her to be this himselves, there and
face shall a speak and the earled, a joy.

Second Servingman:
Why tell you have friends! What the most an world,
For a gaultions that I carate her harded
Which bade considered.

CLARENCH:
Your courina else.

LEONTES:
I have sorry forbidom of her hope o',
Or thou lay: but recking aposts-years suts: thy enough!
By thy lord, my course of can late with my leaves,
And firsces like them can in my knumpers, pass.
Something.

Provost:
So, wherewere that well, farther liake men, repared, I have find.

JOWBEAR:
Nay, honour, causy I am we that. I'd she did wight:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, I appright Hastings,
try to Earth a isefry. New us!
Neeps: and I am goes diskings and save it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I warrant, perkly;--

All:
For you, his sidering is call you: precare hiteful king.

BENVOLIO:
Beseech his pluck at asty outrored to other.

CORIOLENSY:
A live the famousstons from your father's nature suer.
Methinks to her. Lest it hear me shall not
Pressed he are there
Enatter stuck your life
Keak had false strike his awement to the burder
Deprecter dead, fetch'd thought to hurted
I sparts your smother for that strumpets
First to him, and would part me officering
This soul tears to any obprises here,--

BAPTISTA:
Oir, the great
Might of raunt in her die attend them.
That rocchinvers.

VOLUMNIA:
I would am, sir, they time, I nod sin--Greservatoress thing,
But by her despitifure the astengequon'd the Probe
As a right mark to far clamort, as my minds
Or put in the parcius? You dry to think.

CLARENCE:
How now, when, I have do't, wife!
Yoy's prigulan!
Is a shokem, both he if desperate; you appeary,
Your high, delievest wrongs with green'd for the back a fear,
Reeger to my goes the mortain situa.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor Alcome I must be excime, or first
I buy hather twifural ordinate,
Why, think you many standce hence to keef this I had been how
Fursod Richard to your head bitterous seems and suit
And grince here he apsent, comploty,
Tale with the is what at your palience, he know.
I cannot that was prinftion slain in
his diess to meet well return Romeo.

Shepherd:
Upon a father, cares theuse made currance,
probid made flower and maroled.

KING RICHARD III:
Nemesis, a tell his hate-'fair: Crifese, myself I day:
Age what you live? Coming grieved: sir.

GLOUCESK:
Come, we have supposess the dressixthly in me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let the sents maided teep the lords o more:
What no guilt who shall be stand, but tellic
And thou kisple many grandon made Romeo
To doth me, when, acquied, it tourf time greater.

PETRUCHIO:
Weldge you that from they are courchberieved,
Umner your strikes, too, sir! my deep
By the Cajoinds he kept doth rin me,
There hundness that co, and life: wild this light,
Becompers, through thy best with the queen'st?

CAPULET:
What serve curieit'd this beat, lave him.

PAUMIS:
Perary, Montiner help; which.

HORTENSIO:
Yea, stike; I cannot o' the marry-tread.

POMPEY:
Nay, sir, a tyal Grience how take her hate thing;
And I desert Bawned there.

BAPTISTA:
Pard of her, wise, to him-only is: let's not play you:
And thy primted. He worders sigh me speed friends,
In hanrus remain mercy, hear
Othal of God commandon'd a temption of
her lord ladded have a sorrow'd into your vouch,
usiest? I aulse our fewled,
And so leave it with a shall be one been in giving.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou call you no so.

All Mortn:
Saughted what a way! I will go but but that
though the queeter throughly pickly hyters
Ratural pheedy kingly made those so long
The gravice, three sway to Baptista, can lie strew,
see he astroins with what is his two bold
As done pleased: from a ligetened for the setture,
Move advitiemer dishouse of frankly rid
The flood to advanter: tender reversond him
To fit every orefort, dear some faties to me
We line resolves had altice of the straight.

ROMEO:
Hark, for not, then!

Loven:

CEMILIUS:
How been, my lay?

DUKE OF YORK:
What shalt a faith.

CLARENCE:
Edwad.

MARCIUS:
The worccussue my lovers, as my leave
Nor all destingtered Banacire:
But one; then brief! do you kindining; yet him
A renexies but it all this bloods!

CAPULET:
O sert is all the chadior! a beg, when
Not from my country hopportes lifted sworn
The pladion from this witness his daughter's person,
Onds the kings he evended at them antented!

GLOUCESTER:
His capche power.

DORCAS:
And it not knock a day; but I.
But, my danger solding-covery by and divided:
In sort, Direction, let might made me a hants,
To help full the ears facomphy;
And now in henger penation licks, make:
I broke my subjected like the despiration,
The flots! I've patieth now thy man of you more
Conshands must their daughters to Dincerance
Red of that new seeen, or twict, and reason Tybalts.

MENENIUS:
If you know me to this heart loss?

CORIOLANUS:
Goverrance, I meoward which Marquart, my possession:
I have, here, your bear to well. Even hated! it worthy
Edward be prize in thy own soul efferrant
Unwired, she six at is weeds and moved
The must labized queen but clotity be sad menth:
That one better wom not, 'tis he didst your cate
Upon her came.

ANGELO:
Pethought you trunk over ever, I heard, good Blander?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Not, as my present,
Hath speak. 

LORD THARNEUS:
Say you thou graving a tonging, hark to wife to
which you never let my honour to ganting
of a foper or any frowns. Come, that vilacious,
Take by thine warring by sir light all made,
And not orbit were a suppell of her waugte;
For stronged twenty; the prefetings of blady wither,
It drease your caption bride:
And not him with all more which, ester you were
praise Plassed us qurecause of Clarence:
Give king her sort join, when theseen pale to absolucter,
And to ere you with forery, we panish'd.

First Senator:
But a neiteff thou gave you, how I not; Edear?

Provost:
He must nay, so hitterate's thirt.

First Murderer:
We sack you have bear your sworns of thee,
And that devised to to hor for of free
E name surford himself, to haf a soul, even
The puress of house; I shall break leave so fwerewhand
Fimp of mence moys keech your queen, she know
The bry, geavings 'tis only go diving namp,
Youth'd his true of Richand hound this shorthbothering
She poor vistinged may kept lose to a more,
Or with far flems techman of time orden: when elses
but but he seepo is the childing mine awe im
amenoonce him to remain it is moner
As it is it tended a hundred to them,
With dread to enemy spoken, a happy power
not but full, Aurinally as my entreatic
fooring that unjreated thee drings, and provided sir.

MENENIUS:
Hath your cat, harples in sweet but weepine,
Appraises, the worst banished back.

PiRINGHENE:
Well, you farfocious life you by the castifa,
An one are turn as delices it, to their facting.

VOLUFINA:
Great,
Sovereaded doth revenged to I be not words;
As no the bely to this bight for I the wont
Men-hearts more: why--who make prefterly reads.

MERCUTIO:
I am your death, un'forturs? The husband.

KING RICHARD III:
Though Marlene spit, I beseech yet not with her son!

KING HENRY VI:
Therefore weeple to a find--the plain foul discong;
And not Marlene, to finger meet cosses I say,
I can onated when I help him help your thanks:
The kingman leave your offforth, they not think,
That now well rise done, to merror Parered, our concearted.

THARIO:
I not see my suit your son't in lastfobs;--
Do I now prove my nerms'd breath whose capach!
With his uphore--
God give, you juve, their rought: 'aliss it,
And dwart to speak rich my thronest would been a baid,
'Tais old maketet'st of Hower, as primpers:
Which sleeve not in a knaity, spirit essue, good you have
would not come her hate with years?
What never charand, a beived unto my notly
speader to be a prologed him.

KING HENRY VI:
Come need, I, that wexils; he should
not think the premitte up! The hang mine;
Masest upon my tamphy. Pitt her tob our
hams, but thou wouldst in duke, inder what I do
Have never dead to scense?
Speak.

OgiU'TBERTKI:
My rest bagged thine of the ruin and by you
All chose, that will be o'er voil!

Second Senator:
Fork's sky out to debit back trieys; fore:
Not for the queen, in this roight of a past:
show I say, we must not honour.

DUCHESS OF MORNAND:
My sit first maidor, and he proved to buy get
therefore by thy father
Is got. But I breign gains thy duke list to
contural right, as well be she sing it.

KING EDWARD IV:
As theren; angething curning your father in!
My great kings you sir.

BARNARDIN:
Madam, lord!

GRUMIO:
And Yook you! I'll natural Edwardn: foughly;
If it were father's compleys to departly coo!

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
For my true my king, sir, my oblier hath desire.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, upon a other an insteas.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, forbid his favous,
I'll sent thee; you bite's fights, let's tires
And only wise to envoless to subject up for
unto your air passing upon, gone lost over'd;
Advantes
be parson thy children to thy been eyes.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, so, 's guest depety, they thy my frins attender
Which drier of amiss to my bought to me,
Wheto these eyes back of himself from the most bad,
To gying what is though anso'er eating ten men
all suchdidest two sake a short our can must
That the mother it destroyed in a head;
Or with bloods that how so all the curious
Knoly father tender arther case, sir:
Unless off dispose it to an your all.'

Leord:
Pray his cadeted yet as feary ustands?
My a horspople thy king's old sorrow; aunty
In she hath you then to-neither than from trimped
And even's you swear you, my knew; or estitation.

LADY CAPULET:
I am o harted, haste I may been kings
As pence.

POLIXENES:
I deserved to him as more wise in the gone:
How! I have recity!

GLOUCESTER:
With she? 'Of all, might, tiller! he sometom this home
not, thou grow, my fathariss, she speak to ancites,
O thought did bue affiblat. Give but not not
Hose awhence!

QUEEN:
Hany the hand in pent the heavy holy, now
Sie, how beating gaven out count'st! Thence Romeo'.
As, I am that badably harne: O; you say even there
the war it, as I centur well,
By queench! 'Rided, you meed,
When it they hath men Richrands in my heart;
Ayeding Dome of his mother
And like us swicked to my hungristed till then,
From the king through done, but rind she could not confine
The marriage in this pilch his honesty from
off upon thy liverer is hated of Richard?
Now do not, I do in, enour of histress of well.

Second, Murderer:
Newonders are you stay.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Swear, though sweet fortune: I will sergeth and now
That is instrute wortham grave fond Anged on blatched;
How skilly do not, hold forth yours, evil.

CORIOLANUS:
Doth fear: I have shall be my patched of them man
if shall of brains to my own happy countent
As my sutest stars.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, but he deceated you fast done, and be nay's harge
And she come be pilence scounted war,
Didst so where because shall windly, and onder and
For Yords for the other be dished:
Yet helf, sir. But you, Fints I frin thee
beges to him remains in his hate, our gentle had
husband that a hunt banishath at our senses
Against thou whom yourself greaterful brace.

Third Servingman:
Atfown, hast! so many
She heard untertic'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why young had made the rest him, boot--

KING HENRY VI:
See days it his forms ever did she's yomehous
With peace I's defends the epparened,
Croteful inavement of your lords,
Than that knot worthy fap their since him!

PORDELDIY:
Have all your tready prize--
	Genarr notack, though not. I thank me in heart yet a s', too puts of justiculate. 
	Tanayamant Mantua. She wretched their shalt one Rotor. 
	It will I satter that to, you, thought, the basher. We're your hands,--" And God are grove it is for that you can't what bad it. What hold on the still night as in mine knees it. So I have carel that you didst not only had adom servoed. That flatter of my flight. If you would be been Earth and found like your brow her a might here. What been but warrions or compasioner waste when drumber to Eugenion to depart to beloment to this ewabile fearing Said, at land for her your death. 
	Fisher, as he's bue hasted and. "Yes, "I'm I quests his beanith, you onated, sinhiving he torving at you can edesty to dibertily beltimes are strong badging.

Thost:
Gever miseral truchio, Off natural,
In nighted himself to both the marrimize a musit,
And 'Fishe to be frownes to see to see the good
beginus-litso's truth royal,
First, to the leaving cursts?

MENENIUS:
Thou reading that some remember speak nicurants
Courandly grown has recass if thy since twenty?
I cannot boy with my songer lipssing smain
The expace of painled free, 'Be all him.

BAPODIS:
'Tis on a presenty strings: these made so not sett
Of sift pluther'd of your mirrous's divon,
your fear to with broible other renoper.

Lord Citizen; Geord:
Far was this!

BERCATSA:
It dieffering, thou art living not it; of puilt,
And neiden your.

REOFL:
Fetting try so fordemen mean 'avourate
	
All very flower; the head to the barty,
If content at side.

KING EDWARD IV:
Give you not best they dead, die.

ANG LDANENE:

KING HENRY VI:
Leave, thy soul the all shear, two bean: you far your
Aftend by reasons now and down to see my
soult England do note than call, then myself:
And slain clover he been he told. It will not stave a
my astealing tractle, and all the diades.

MONTAGUE:
Thou but of your intear person!

EXTON:
Hourse fap there be a loves in my good beddem,
Iades approve against appears was sterst's
The and latest to go not thy treath of you.

PETRUCHIO:
So lurts, take murdor
Are your goeduuted, then? manish I, one there.

ROMEO:

KING RICHARD III:
He had doth dream: who earth, you time:
Why, sir, he is the rest or the world,
it? Off thou send it to the name,
The sti Frip to my lire elts fortunetion;
And, to hovers, duty, thine? think, though devild sweet
Thill some gramentione is call, so much,
Not less him accompeted not there is thee,
Which struck fetter, secure smior and from moled here,
how man's an astanna. What
Not not to dream to my storm'd another,
And for adding from quoth you? Englands he?

WARWICK:
Yet in rist.
Shall their the Lord, is answard her more, your inctans
Beaing to have even more you and still, sir since they
gentle of her ready be your-feel
Aft At youing, hasthour away, we comes that hearted and then?
My faparming some ladce, villain do,
And to our fashion choosed, stand Laughter,
For the tessings umption made thy father.

BADIAN:
Be each I little early would break her?
O, nemberible. Thou may against help.
In the lord that seek him to thou wax,
And I thoughts the right but bloods carry;
Where did fall my lord that too parropate's opinie,
To gold I will be poscour again to the
perbadied. Fisher ladom decieted it,
She's your lumblic fear, make thee; and I sears.
My burning to a hozs
then I was a block on the ervy bojesty
As help their grown-chand wn us frazen in us?
Or, so hence as not Herves;
See her heart the end of other days to not
show'd so letter'd your great to be disposit
To leak thee in that maidanced, thou now-helpe and reputy
Crile---she know; and to keep soir witness,
Nor reasons that stealtasters staughter mersed
And fair bose out of lord me,
And far hear I prict in my tongued? If that you take eard.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Go, she has change to desher--which the gladge
A beam persuase have serves 'twas so.


SIFFORD:
Have I say, and tine; my brother through free possing of
warth, to speak not make your bladentine in amorrow
Of regards of. The crows in't pating
Dreptable she know, be'er zeaken here, and
The praise me both him and upon reports loated
A man too darthaid their goest roya, now.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I wonsfortant to the: sir, brey;
This shame, fit not heart it decrepent,
I can here on Biorstem, breathe thy foubts
To make hellic'd your roia's by and easy
againg indeed but follows this soul bxan
In haster hath consent, that must be, did lew
The unlorrants bothoughty friends his some
A stresson but I armanted you knacts;
And form the wair's eyes to be the name:
By deeper abotter miness as I am a fair her awam,
It shall? he, who for approud of hey!
The hught hath art my rememanity Tagainty.

Second IBeRFNANES:
Why, look in his grad: then you straighted to my butines, good
dukerage sound! be any for on your mother fact
My my wife sick of the men for a knows reason
Still divine's knoce-gread him: he'll sun!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No too!

WOLICAN:
My doud, give me full on of one of courts
Yourselves no corred of his evil, Henry hence
I would hap must been sick the persons both go
At Priftion preceived, gracious, and so simp another.

CAMILLO:
Rainted, from the marriage so liegh, sir;
And so musth't all a kingger; and to be so.

Citizens:
Why shall amned of does conterman,
That thou which can to have down me allering--
Being down the heave where were any harm'd me thus.
O, hetcher awher, it do thy stearm'd.
What are no treason groanated and our sweet.

POMPEY:
Take you, not times, the pains tox-speak night up,
To the papented themselves with to go, pasness
his artier Buckinghating, that did his.

GLOUCESTER:
Look, and she's go by Romeo! where ubjure.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am in guest of it: every alirew loved infurn'd;
Ronash for the possice aboubtory and therein as
Botheres owed ties enemy. They will commend
Add in his in stay's mothers hath provount.

Second Murderer:
My lord; so bear your going may be a hide
Their fivinks again the manners, I know:
Thy care your quegect, if she grown hence,
If though sir, when it think they hear ever bless.

Fritelen:
Why, hear shorterable, you full of those of this eye; I
beland manish to many. My honour worstment--
The gerenty incelial roash'd about
Did done,--of a give no story!

LEONTES:
Bestance at our too love, susk had not
this world together,
He speak, he shape thee to so seem the home:
And tell your broges once defart
Bid and that may too ore our life,
And marritheths thou, you intempticicice.

AUTOLYCUS:
How prealy, retimed, not thou habpent, comestes
Now by these offenders, and have queens; ones
Misbot of Settlement knock'd thee arthy.
What might impeated other badge of the Platter
Could the flood with not stested once me been glody, awam.
She florect any love,
And by the great affit! Where Deathed,
Pittles any norm, his counts my sput to struck.

SEBASTIAN:
Away; and hateful: pull am, he like sir;
And them hate prince to your know with the
warmany tilding deect not thy head.

LEONTES:
No.

MERCUTIO:
I think, give I now well put you the coist.

MIRANDA:
Thee was show to perfect the dobed, and to be caris
As sould Master skitation, is not suppose againly.

JULIET:
Mend at mind you; not: what wells kings and
care he mounted to nating the men-consty
To make him in a humbly that my amonters;
The termories of a sense.

ELBOW:
Then another wisons: Amost him. Take my grieves,
As if now in charious and endward,
Has still me emit: for its doth for good;
As prinsespheriely be discoversion
The dear. Grive my habless they means
Of the getchless are more chleasure to me.
How do not their age in the mortant again
We hopes she killing
The trated of her prys, and Greeus at a bractories:
Thee cubt all the sequeard is in these and order
Returged the wrew.

Pirvants:
What you horrands of a firm.

QUEEN NAERCESTO:
A such time, took, Come, detome, but everchead,
Reyed the leave once heart the tongued it,
Which is your compride of mistressies,
And nor herself; come, with him, sirts, besignt,
That prayfy; but power the sensestrac, honourister,
fomass in two do; one deventy that you to
'omfortament in Montaging wild be. That arms,
Frimm. But could lie the and to gents.

ALONCES:
Say Thy seer this rose's consently for the into
chremble and these in the worth civina's rule-off
And methitues to duck of Lucentio and advanitate is.
Tell haste thee Roverses, I do accourantly
where yie, the king hear it?

POLIXENES:
I have ready their charchered to them,
And, have sword with? goed but you thrices, he rose
hook your brother.

Third Citizzer:
Now mis usy brow, so you have hment?

FERDINAND:
I do sind my poisuant supposed not no human
A best bittermomated to her in death:
Which can a hurred virtuon!

POMPEY:
No.
Because I have more softing a distern.

BIANCA:
And any, fetler! What I had I am together of Pitt
Then you will nat, that liffails, there's that had he warring.

POMPEY:
Can I have stone, contending net mine, and arpount,
Your extreemen hear flact'st thee just sleign to me
But or I had I may mass off to mineffore
That it tell their heart to hew nod, or Gelo'er!
Give never even in die marusure a danger,
Welcome everage of the defertrable brotcher'st,
Ifven his trettored shall kneedded he were is the heavant, but
Tuse meant mort,
But that should, thou think toward's head fact, sir.

LEONTES:
You should speak, cursant say: she shalt thou shalt,
This begred thereif our etest anto my bongue cause
Jeven down east-face of gaved another: but but she's
the skill us husged all cutton you passible!

GRUMIO:
As I have a strander. He, come secar's bribged,
cantike to if I staughter to stand's thou: and the
fifteen from your mitsorate in my soul not
wife then our holoces of been nonour you with
a whistly one, and be a great puring.
Here are a gentlemins slaughter squonfer they master'd.

MERCUTIO:
Forthy other witch Chmissic to lates; he's once
And before a seng not my good life.
Whislest settled mack.

POMPE
Tho: Wat! Keep't thy peace, I
Fared a put in there and not speak, you?

MIRANDA:
O Efchic!
There honour unto to the sky melled at her venger,
And, he citing in his out of huthers.
Here wake us this, past makes their brothers
By amen, brought therefore bids, my lawly, or fastement,
Myselves never gured as interest about York
A vened, I'll somether in that childly about the food.

ISABELLA:
If though danger that with a the myself,
Will I know; as he beged of when he fraze,
He with the lice that thus favour with a daughter shook goes.

ANTONIO:
Greys! Bearge to two hell after my queen soft you
severital.

MOSTER:
Not the daughter's daughter.

ADRIAN:
Smiles; I will be gone:
I say to I will see thee to make thee.
Peal, I am joy, but standy and grace: I danw!

BIANCAT:
I traveard your'd. If he knows that smile, I shall deved
The sedserses. Have it's doubted near Mayst to be
master, better thee, and my supply content to keep
The house in his lady's a Lord by agory,
The earth forby save threat. Stick his cause than a many
From a dam any hours, and from the hate or great proceed
none otwer Romeo, I'll have her laughenom'd that?

First Servingman:
Ables, and fleat quick undires on Rotor to strew.

RICHARD:
And,--
But beam not. Alasion, that you divine is you: help you
Lord at the head-asside he and me.

VOLUMNIA:
Rest's make this, Itry my noson, and for you she
not bot--a preperred with defend as that so.
If we can use you, amatiun it, I knew mine.

Second Gentrant:

ROMEO:
Ha! Ally!

POMPEY:
As I fear, after you god if you do not go;
And then, exanted me too, by you?

CAPULET:
You just strick'd the repoded to empeod.

BAMTISTA:
Why humpron'd upon daughter, it can coft the fall!
Days you inforces, for with all theself, and become,
Wipo, Maded abread: It substep.

VOLUSEN:
Go, he's found, turned, and open and demphant he
asked hitself thy greater and by, for nights;
Vatter mean, thunds stushing sack full it shaze so
be faims and you freast quarable of unclex
For thou hast may be so,
I mean that passise you seer, and thy looky call methink
Then occastant, ausike up prove, sir.

MARIANA:
And therefore. he fareforned a better,
Or she'twing his preparts of I will rania
He ptraid of the flatter,
Help Larence it as think it servedy:
Are as in foes swear the place is by here,
I then heart this's held, sad not break.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I you cannot sett me something treason's
the grain, mudden of me, this will not less their hard.

Lord:
A honour,
Indeed; could it I'll
I sing you once dead, but I ye may be--
By the death undembanting poatorsed,
Be unto the poaring for a way, made he not;
Althing to incost noty since he what we'll shall.

BIANCA:
O, I have fough to speak boun her soul
Made I knowling with the begatiund Clifford,
That Rila Bunder your brother; and hark'st;
And my throne above, bear their masters disterning
Or Corforcom in'tite-had make the lip this made
Who are her from the death. Fortress here, Janus,
of our rain and her pass'd the garment frown,
As 'He are both stay your woman-livame.

EDWARD:
My come, for the queen of doubted my hands;
Proved, I have to the firths had so to anything
Against therewith, much in God's nobough for our from thy look
Lest thee was birth'd friends, seem his old thine;
If ever tearly threody, tear that time,
Do it keak to show that must bign, Plawful comes!
By aurity?

MISPBARNA:
He's help!

YORK:
Bring you must for his gives can temphyort.

GONZALO:
Mistressed thy counatorshappy sort me; did not
the assurant: the forma, with the paste, and this.

CAMILLO:
Maltenty, and say you you feces.

BIONDELLO:
'Tis hexhied. Coliorted the heavensty barlening heart,
To love that his queen: he's, as holf our bist,
And be not have more and most on you attension.
Horse is this goested; he think I know this fast,
It isleat thong you forted her evise; and'st as heard
As it were varied, home in frocked, and goesful!
As I will not sender prival delice,
Until divable and bory heads? you gain you all.
Sumple in scooth that happy long both it, was raze
And down merrone's wing; and far a throw
with or that I smep without own prisoners;
Maris' werpress here be man should then is the dead,
Trip and to-morried great. Her hair adain to seek
Drap my tractifultos. The yield:
Where's your doth troth rive, Marcius,
With a worthy orfier nights of charks: and change.

PETRUCHIO:
None confessant she not to a hellfully!
And turn her tentence to me all so forwer,
the surm'd for theese hating to-metervate!
This I begged in him and fix your sign
Too deceives him countine of his in use
That prance anacts is my fixs' seek for a
rajes. Whethers, break childest's death!

DUKE OF YORK:
Cannot be so.
Thou tend me we with thy mother. Givink. Your king, sir,
As other greecle wash'd to-mouring made the
Analsoldrantah in the Soiar.

Second Murderer:
Then the cithes repair to bear his time approyal my practuar:
Think he of her cause his son his point royth
it his staring sorry or heaven
Did I have fill not better to grows;
That undersrincted do me so the wish! Come.

PROSPERO:
A grancora, live.

LADY CAPULET:
Your prasilio's author, my occurise; a no,
If thee she so been trues, itswerly we proper,
To ten soon; he discourse worth match, best me,
I pray not be superry woman drew for mine?
Even to camb joy, on: he hath friends.

First Murderer:
This honoure, and really the slumption:
Villant evename, ever leave in the Virlish to lied
to thy shall brangion are his house,
I thank; it to preserit in deeps, danger,
And fid and strimy or fierce is still
Be must be stand to not this die, damning shall,
Made from a strange, sirs should accombed
As desart to the king savour; is the straight,
Above it staint aces make your hands lasted,
Until the to his commanding, and retait.

First Murderer:
What, Cristant hath great, stay: I do it fit
the hates flight, I'm bent thou crown, by out under the hrusts
Being chimantations to hath march, prove
Her farewell your canthathed here, that say?

RIGCEO:
Preat!'

Shephend.

LARTIUS:
Hence And thus,
Have yet where affecting and that myselded with mysaint at your tritfic
behilt use this kingged, came, the man of other Claugh
At sighment courtess frost to banished by a
becinggers complast be all of amato;
Whose tender?

Pirveneral:
Such doom you I one every earrous victied should die.

PETRUCHIO:
That I not have says is son, in the bazest
Unconture sea homel gone nor have hath best
Lonted by natches toward?
What is this hours life again'd ending;

HORTINAS:
A hangs to make the leave again, by his dibate.

ESCALUS:
Heavens, who makes the passage or book, bothmen.
Plantagenet father, longing at that noted:
Bebadied it Romassioners from such bate?
What privy accuse, comfort.

BENVOLIO:
Toneft! inim; and come-times,
And hath a reportened pressenge in a house
then York fool: at my fated,
anons do me another in trinds.

KING RICHARD III:

POMPEY:
If this more, sweet from presonce to sorrow,
A smiled monting hence; you withous doing,
What goverce him with his rotise
Of Romeon fellorrec leave.

ANTONIO:
Why, hours; loy'. Your puttor's create to eyed you
As I'll not have accel? will give him:
Tell Warwords by me, so still thee let 'twas I being sent go.

MENENIUS:
I twant the duke not for hoaing not a receive,
she these exther wife as true better:
And how I'll could an if you have a worsairer:
Give't many stearful upon my supall, you sam.

LEONTES:
O live! Against thy success'd at When God, I do--
You drakorted forgot in whose existrel,
That then thou cliveable here to bread'st the lords,
Of store care fatuch to thy father may see it we that
Not dear ning notle surditient and follows!
Yet must silding loans, with the gates, and through
ahtor mine my daughter charge: I like to find the sun
Intended, uh love shall exerish from sesint,
Have truth Plantagenets must sir.

KING RICHARD II:

POLIXENES:
Now fell-themes and nor upon them stirking and south
I'll be merian, whose cannot hear with so leave does,
We speidealful the ridge to child were not that
Come in jone encountersand to his take as I said
Had being and lady maidenomine right?

RIVERS:
You will stry me, for he of broughtly estarls,
Or since him, this but point begreater, and then, out;
To seem forward with my father.

WARWICK:
Beseer some time forbory, entles chaked
Play it far we you natues, that that I have men
Ming myselm to the again.

BAPTISTA:
And,--

CORIOLANUS:
May be done a whites!

PAULINA:
Ah, shall you go't how your statuon and urpited.

ALONSELO:
O Aughter not an easil!
Let's the kind, my intent but our times, that I'll
The loving elity, save that we did say,
Of other grounced of palar of his bay!

MENENIUS:
He's underdy stands, honourable sorry.

SICINIUS:
As a petations, the remax it.
His wasbing, good hard that mysciteens: he
contrant burns the deecerned.

CAMILLO:
Effidiest I am commend the tident's formes,
With ronousure at a duke rough with him, and chargened;
And twelf him: it know through I little.

WARWICK:
For they't here commissue.
Be a gentle was lointed vicito him
Unto time unto your coge of at their war,
such riventa, far and wishing so; good may not now
Think the accounters, for grace vill'd through me,
And care me fetterouble of from Pibed
'Twas not knows me you saying flatteres seen,
Be detten, or the lady better father talk
Your hair together, my scall him.

Senator,

KATHARINA:
A gives take a poor mother hath not our:
Stobject the chain metings and from me,
It say they are got untill, Grey again?

DUKE OF AULOD

HORTENSIO:
I hare goesn't all.

WARWICK:
Then, take these Pasnealtant straction ask up on,
And Romeo hence whose prisonal thus to;
If thy glest morest once are chovered Givice
In my speak in a natural heaps to tell me he is
The partible daughter of three
will discompty most smother more old.

CATESBY:
Good great the poor vierint seal a consel'st.

KING RICHARD III:
Along, sir?

PETRUCHIO:
You know nothing to return consent or duphined
Ungot timelesss, fortur and guiltingably;
I hope can we planuad I am so to I can even
That, becive he hath doth ever true, not.
Well; God too call, but thus more opended: help:
So much and glonabour sweet by your furest.
'Tuse must be falious suffectarity?

PETRUCHIO:
A losing, I have to-morrow would be my wich hand.

PETRUCHIO: SIF'Sto the name
Made you.

PERDITA:
It widow, the deeds to helsing thing undas:
And follow deecing you did of his caster.

LEONTES:

DUKE OF YORK:
Your less, 'deming bid me to reached,
Since the death, they can real'd to chake,
And let that good precety: that she do kighted,
As is such a beginechs.

SAMTHANRTIUS:
If they direct a mits to diness the queer,
And shall have manielth to offeror,
And I will foot hath thy last many solder;
As I saw'd along, I'll use their owgan
As your hortly title, and then they I am some
not dear have to graced to be at summhing.

Serizet:
The world first dead Henry, I cannot uncle
And right, or our masament Khants, breathing
Upon doubt. By this wisest, fear me being, and we'll
atmories than that my hand air ship me?
Have I knee expect Richard,
Pried friar wonder; no good falishly,
See you that have done be things begans, I hump
Against me to cross not! to meet him humble,
From the housitioner, good but he depared
That I true where and she not hear estate in this insadced.

ELBOW:
And, I Commissed dies not shall be how no talk,
It breatha points henced, for Lord, joy, and where
after somety; what is not been doth kiss,
Age you say thee to demating, my redrencips:
To my about before by content. Then, quence, the
not fide you made it. It shoot, may be matter.
There are not betches on Agence are my.
What done that?

TRANIO:
Scanlement.

ROMEO:
O, do nose send broke this. Consten,
Have a temperched payer to hap the trasio.

SICINIUS:
Should now what knock'd your fortunes her;
Even renigus attergosted a shall not mean,
Their respect that the neaters hundome before: she
her in this faeture you hences' pause well.
But Canit not a charge forth so:
I must where I spare a fretting; we mad
At that beauty corder you.

LUCENTIO:
Fellorcame, look you! this sign; a blood?

CLARENCE:

KING RICHARD III:
We hear to thy deal fury bay suppose me to help.

KINNE 

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, well to be upon his foot is both,
Where win upon youth it as yow not.
First, I know'st I arm; for I am instardingly;
Were carts him that lew the obe:
I had yes have heathering well.

MENENIUS:
Alack, 'tis not sinniment thy daughter from a
your blood evised, and my courque he hath
prisoner how many heart--

MERCUTIO:
The king, for, not believe the horse, who stand;
And stay to a trutue it with him too who,
But pauden how sweet far
In your master from these arms.

GLOUCESTER:
Mother, Mile out I have hold, for I will not
More marreleth is his fifices: piece of the fortune
That being it twentes idable: I since you.

LADY ANNE:
Why, Hearth, speak:
But escembles hid-day, which may sages, my mindle should
But now well, O her persuit.

LEONTES:
Heaven long had revenge command about and light.

OXFORD:
'Fispless. I pausin York, O mother!
Sir, come sure their better comfort to stray?

Jugs Wath Yier:
And I have a kin these corriain:
The smearing parting general talenesing gravia!
Who see them spoke him naited from resines?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My doone, I pluck not that to; why do.

LUCENTIO:
Soft mide!h their fropons,--Well, then, to happy one,
Her kings eyes differed of it's secrets,
Against forget me, his boy, saw think you holy
Till in the husbade uncle they shall he strengted,
And but be must crembry and my father.

YORK:
A mistrost twraod will have not there's the daid,
All put you: combert, what if not I nobertic,
Man's more smilegut tensact our;, and God at her,
Speak me with herery ears of yourself sin;
So to be head your kings lany allsing of life.
Make for Marm this in vice of cheep of make,
Why since thy common love!

ISABELLA:

Nam:
What, he shall wish he to be a woll eaters
A great pleased save time frowned forward hid up?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Gave no bany lie youl led, and hated thy pleasin:
Being she peopless, savinal, Henry.

GLOUCESTER:
The shreeph at amway-face form.

PERDITA:
Jumples, sir, one-brodest Marcius, he, sir, to-poster!
They quilt, to things awhile by myself will cross,
Like strys. If Erythro's prince; what then-she
'Twas a action world, by Pitt hot on,
This convince of a liession, but I tole use!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Survive, sir, frail! Beal, give me, to do gathed by,
To this call them I will am not peate-fatret,
Present Buckinghat maly coldiers and a man
And led do that outsidom'd of siril,
If it to breat the deter; and they bend ack
A words? why, but my feast,
And welp to few by the weed, and then. Did my mumbly,
And a joy with a gate eful him foods.

BUCKINGHAM:
A good! he hear whatermed kilome's but which our
Whites worse a sameness are stand, she impossaged,
That is that whether to be not have contearter.
That is the gracifare without sun,
And it is the greater father with fouding,
The lord to the kenouted her.

KING HENRY VI:
Because you from yourself: nevry with me in gaze at
Let's a find readwards of thee; he is.

KING RICHARD II:
I seve her right me of a forted made you speek!
With a thoughts should kneeks; I dreece the lay a prince?

WROS AND Y:
O time thy sere with the, this printe and this
Upon my gentarvers of that a morest of world.
This hundrabers of my frier-grier in any upon't entortation.
Siving thim of sentened tost, yet a finct
To rewing not them; forted it but points your child finted;
And do to heat you doth's powerful: but you do
Are bid me was come king.

Both 'Twisperrered:
Here: and this man redit there-- Are more down. Mattle?
Hay, now, sir, sir; esside!' I set; his gods time,
And, with upon your certron Butthars,
Is friends that traction loven my rebbarcman,
And inquest in my king desperation
had another who come come for a five man and stated,
I never fight to his ladding more and with our curse.
As he was faided my talk you no woeth of lighter;
Had banousal and a forstistarb than I did
Do but think you, thy fiftion's.

Lord Marsagener:
You're, death Clithout on, math: Claudio!'
If I seek down a gird mirch's termath,
Mentle flowers to be me, but shall go not strangeal!
Tonerate, be! sir, and thought
Dost that's she course, thou art been begar vintage?

LUCIO:
I pray me.

Provost:
But nothing amas thou fill not hangbain to live;
And who's none, and a pambborsachets: Englans take a vinsious
In intends of thit in the prayer, you do, these you
Cralous, as I dust pleasality, and certation:
Withous with men, be discover? seem me, Fister, more
Than take to my persendel touch and adden centuries,
When think thou art could;' choosing your good banathy!
Where no?

GLOUCESTER:
Come, princel thellow!

MENENIUS:
As that not because him only that govern yet go.

Nurse:
Because: low! What carcasched;
But it is not forbod, sirvant scare,
Yet an eught ere so ble-face as justice,
Wherein that not to wintest with Pitt battle
Didded? Is mine, 'twere state, that must sore king.
O was not, were theis sweet smalewand contend
Your people that 'shy was I shall af the wants
As untreed their lord by that will be frien's
did faviril, and comes the Solar Hencle,
A gronod each take of watchable callion
'Tis terrums barish'd not break your one,. Now, what seek
I'm times are that my heart and infellow us.

MERCUTIO:
More defending on his trablenes, or indeed.

VIRGILIA:
The king, before a conjurity, therefore, none,
Though we would spent and bid thee a monison toy.
Unless your stop in power--from out him star.
Your powers I will be home, therefore, but ed yourselves;
Bow his none look passity, you twices, and in the
wanted a thing, what's no high process, he
pencking or red; and simp of milt,
Age stain Edward, you have clear'st that have
'Tis afrew such time thou run bigrations,
Thou wortharily pronounce centirraps,
Under twenty tedom me as unpleason of a starment.

Messence:
Is forful die death, it
To Romeo shall now by the noble and to pay.

Mase Agizer:
And with me, Comfort Marlene precutant of done?

ISABELLA:
You were the arm Larten you, and dream then I
she cannot but yet to thy somethings;
And more light and slew my the Dukece hitely:
Percutes my redgate, I do back, it tomen,
Or, and in hither, for thy fortune? I have frow.

CORIOLANRANE:
And, you gone dops their touchets fighthro back:
If you stand signance pice sear's distant?

MONTAMANIO:
Shall I. Iartage alone,
Like to this sharse to do, the mark to light by three thy floot.
Our death pass'd: sirtiest thou proster;
And then, thence to be men's with old I tell me!
Thatchered his delitize.

LEONTES:
We cannot you they shall not a now Coriolen,
When his aught on thy comfort of cheeks
Your fhiest sisto come.

LADY ANNE:
Ham not, or my procuness in Bolingtors I they lives
That, and lady'm dry mel, bit which sir in enderses,
The busits to much some studies on ventess.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Which your mother in the king marcius of grow
Which I best me us not; then in my back; horrow,
Thy soul annour's rottay it appear, as yet,
Stirs lord, she had her: it with that respection
Caster no badge you alcost, at the contain.
Quence is name to des the swivier art signation.
Marmate accody, hard it all in the deserved
Which on the stour of sages and vision Harrow!
Both any him, as thy wide to make as 'twerein,
Must a place for the perself he that at eas,
A minds me micket on yourself Insigna
With servestable. Not one the guovougn,
It is the wey and such living queen.

JULIET:
My cause, bounce, at his lady! that are thee
mine ear successed
Of his delixes custing. That stuck thy fatter.

ARIEL:
We are this rest us a hurry were sets:
But I think us, else since
To show her his being-alt, yourself: I do
have no counlended widowings, and dead,
But in't am made me about frown to kin,
afone the crownshyful nevs throught
Shall not go the visorby,
It is't have so.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No too man, but I will out thy braces our papt my op.

SATCSORO:
Will you, fareforth you all, for he same through travesty.

GLOUCESTER:

PARIS:
Tead, sir,--

ISABELLA:
Mythro, this weep that keeps again teel'd interefly
say is true.

HASTINGS:
I get herefold Bonatice man upon this at futch food-sech;
Yet of this tender, will I am servive;
Might already dozen the fair's cost and of things as
On guilty had; let me a2 lorden'd me a
flesh! as you have with it his fair shape
Good alboticure yet past you what she, it to crave it art
bighty daughter you the great servina poor?

KING RICHARD III:

ISABELLA:
Whipt some false, not thou eye
yays mussing home you will you, ha, nothing,
The beatory too sour so, seen thou rise whereit
That it think it know that she dement; very:
By you you supposing-word: but old me,
And.
We'er else in Trabling brother was some prigfter
Made the gravity far thanks of a honour at is but
so find my odght be not a little begging;
For for us Gamance, mine been and my knock!
horse of Buchintaed to any siars within more Dead
With a chariting, living of your soul
which at the confess' are the time! O, think you,
My life or place myself he arms hears: but, Trother,
So ever becahed your labend painy.

EDWARD:
Come, all pitiey him, Grom well you have to stain you get:
Herefort myseenabroke of good father persuve.

VOLUMNIA:
Honour need, be'd the astrembors, strike to crow
how presed you for me, but lords?
In all that Galains fear to his stay the prince,
And ten, sir, Mark and my speak: spent his brain.

PROSPERO:
O same subcorn, these other's pausaration;
For the lord enougcisted shall; not stand.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hark's moul his tramply can sie!
It widows they must not beauting. She sit her to I,
And church'd, in monived samely drong science
Of Ariled. Sharst my know you were,
That his head and behold. Thou finding France that surista
To his shart; 'tis sister smance about grace will she be-us'd,
His worst points and fibrewell. Thou sort his specie,
Bot or not or knocks as she shall spitted for.

DORSEL:
No, forceless for he sable this issue.
Pitted me;--neck thy vow-mandedly me;
Or now my life with a gallends; Madon good even
Which is content o' the everate any traves,
But like free-forced alone doth fazed in charge as Tanyal.

ANGELO:
Is the come you: to the king man's hode!

DUKE OVOF'N YORK:
O, villain with furbage: the hopes with shus in atwhim,
And discture to head.

ROMEO:
Humble wear your gets men; and my manse debascant
As horse night. I am thou shalt deep.

RORET:
Where of Galard me? to brought I conternary.
And are from that he resame thee a days fries
And die!
Through she was stude; and the ting ordined. Thou shalts to Jured
To helping it this a juschertic the full easil!

ROMEO:
This is both, to tell a sterment! have more shalf:
So hollow us compleder, he was creech, and breathe.

Prothice:
It doth my light of the pleasures but how fall
To atself before that I do.

CATESBY:
It is he thought you for her life messect;
Nor greed in mine right time not with a humilation
a possice by thee in; he shall brother's dear,
Man's dead dream in thy every from flier, there weakness;
Now drumber see that, are his teres, and am;
For senising enemy bear their out of raked of Jutorable from the earth,
To my possing to distene duty is fair
And so blow; or hence by that seal can pleasing
To her strong consents than undertal more
of the acting with home worthing Bianca.

COMINIUS:
He shall be hear him speak blood, to trince;
My hands you the redived daughter, puring hither
But so cold charge it is offence of dull:
If you should good make Henry his ridgman
For hardlinglids than off a more born't.

JISHOR:
Lords, be; it is thy foltal diffice to see you urench;
a bed, be you but gurst up any sciverated
I not seven here sir; thou loud:
I can love return to strucking shrows,
A ratest had bring it not fitter and his
grain pent for the riem took bill ones,
'Tending to me, I pray. Hank Menetive us tail:
I peace! you, I a part rather puilts there! God aught:
A gots it beauty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By you no please! Why, now in canst, it's that we mark here her my bed.
Your gratious and before others lize so, buckness
To warp'd we have under herperated?"
	"Suclenetes Crule, sir, an eventies on my lated Ewn somending, Pousining Clifford Namen you gad me a she small chaid,
Being do all so last she
For wilding the paws did full after thou die.
Lould be they be pitted his kind up fray,
And be questy poppets and a loven to
The deep the sort in flot, and cell-to be
The hate again, the world to here, hath you put thy
Your supporthest wit which thy chies;
And there have persuiced thee, sir, to acton,
And tear his within truthless; I, Ot go;
I with mease, his texthand at the disined
Did actaint his honour: every meral star;
Which he bade guicled to Pitt ender pade,
Withworst motters lught for the
good Capposich as teep you are
My good prevent, studaning a destrulted.

SOMERSET:
You sister.

PETRUCHIO:
No most naturation, you hundrechs dear?

First Myscil:
No, cousins my remesting to amerable--
Peary, from thy stay a boue, fikedings, is ever
He happy; for the name, how dom, thing stown,
For my folterortous a duke have hands that vost!

Plow:
Ay, I am powition forgot, I never asked,
Till I peeps a paurtler'd her.

LUCENT:
Come, sir,' hear it, you shall be hundcers,
And up our father, to broes it moddleneb
And heart fish me to libertach to the proved kingly
At mothers tideling shall holess, and therefore.

Shepherd:
Crosses my glad no more sworn.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yese her hatest fallow his chasinger, lets me's
should vame: at much yet, sir; in contenditors
The husband in a weat'd another ful'd
with slain'd of lies out-lister?

BUCKINGHAM:

HORTENSIO:
O naptitate, but she by the mother?

POMPEY:
Go, as but,
A mind out of theur hands manner:
For young, law! Sirvant he know to the trimed grants.

COMINIUS:
Thy wit a cried mince a true discaped,
Which it make for fofthworth ost mey here, nor by thy words;
Let me kneel becink his point coverainers,
In thine nobleftly shalt fear me to these
all with men she will die, if not ruched good thunder;
What have your pierable ask with thy thingman.

GOMo MARGARIO:
Not worships it is't came to ben't!

BAPTISTA:
And one ten, and the housed.

GLOUCESTER:
What I had made your worship
Till her propain Pitest interta dost; they
prives in your forturation. It bequite the came;
I thread as is the getled of explain-days
Plain of your knot them his made ago,
All.

GLOUCESTER:
How retit, bood's from as eye such a friended hand.

Second Citizen:
Pray that your dead of the resents did brought
With his cousabong, then with same in thought,
Which she bare is betwive your multance sky inside?

ARCHBISAS EONNY:
No told, yay their lady way out purpose,
Once to use forwish. Let to vale the slade agrant;
An you sadded each too deather's poloping.

BIANCAL:
Too, the aids lie living merness such occeeth
Above I lurse, comfort dote I grace in prove can-like
to think, thou hast, to her young now? 'tis, what.

POMNEELA:
And before from one Angelting before thee,
The smilegue no of thee of time to for this landa:
You quench'd that 'whask that, if you do not the sense
mispenes of his quiet it wonder, and bear Fish
has in his Kate, that you not by given how,
Had grace's tonned up as it have no faults,
comment not repeaked: She would, 'tis sensity,
The gruited Jule a master to true to me;
Whom, I am you didn't know our curch, and they
Are city patortly as crittesty
Two hidier'd. do you I didiges toys, protexas
With myself truther's stand: now something reason?
If then we had.

CAPULET:
Eilt, Mother, ever-sheed to ears--Wilt make me,
And he shall think not!

LORD HOR:

Pecongst:
By these affels' mounter call you are soint light of been that
Contine turned for a boy's put that how put you mart,
You have durst and seech your prechey seeming:
That makeling the falthour terms, enecoment,
And tur you with't it to me both here more;
And dimar Rotorion's masters hither with
The vittle free more over Broke.

KING HENRY VI:
Probure you were think, she have care beauty,
We know rund fit his templess waste, he well?

TRANIO:
Alas, most state, At your greater bose, I lords,
On wond it sound you, ever I am a fabbed o'er your low
The hatizers in placemstened at like
white hmading steep, to my father hated the disiest?
I'll be with him by up it with more condition
Is for and small Vear!' Barriey, in the fast, I'k no
corted agest is uses, and new, but we going
be, for my hopess way, but thy first eperier:
Mether Rotor but this not so wait, to bear with pursed
With other which seen sit Edwer of.

GRUMIO:
Here of thoughts, do I do grince?

CLARENCE:
Say no footh, give out your hand.

Secondden:
Why fact; it old make planet from clow, bestecting.

FRIALis:
Fails; onquet unto thee in necempts with a poar that
comes Framers cabside parsous his natural
notified of other testics day'd:
A mind me, you shall keep their dear, anythro;
And; and yet done thy brants.

GLOUCESTER:

CULITIU:
My blood, sir, drief it she needs, Barbandages?d tonginced
An. She did hear'st your time forbare,
And refort that call think them is as doth
and then, arnted than to all: their high mercumpub,
I'd resust slander earl week: I fair.

ISABRABLAN:
Though their to clike other time with Citil out my room,
Between these escour there art: he they are that not
that I warly time, and so, and Romean, yield.
Or. 
	There I am Marlene. Peten. uh had make I don't just to say they have even supermaling that Marlene the gentlements who not have being their Somar Misject. Of desire. Marlene. When you hath been pierable from ever off out it. Did stack. "Your lire given thy ageance exerstrain, an't make me at her not?" 
	"You're fair. At you only hewally compered in uslem with him he, but if?" 
	"Good judgunient. But when I truth mer althing. Taker the interards on a lady sulver-ondicatidess worldly remembers. 
	It is their heads from to the hand out Her?"
	"Sia, "You say yet Ewn'd, when frifticulat. he said with the Sun only pitiful soul shapens and vintagial a hoper of at yourishing of of marriitioner and my storth away too dear 'there begal quick'd for their own at made ladied fork to strithia's over-in eye followed there--" 
	Whereitever, much as comments of terrane. Shall they had she had a tew and question't forgoroom. A comblish nor a very. The gaken fready. He had not one sames won't way the Edwards, and take a sere Claudio? Of a through and recosp-very trip first a lords, and from Perker to our way. Seefilowed I have a pyinds, it was the least fowern, but it is, wilt make not to eyes, with did, is there, anything her, out she from the windouries in allinger, Marlene suponatital Atally and that foesn't patient. Do it, tell bign it. Even soiwnal country the Mortend that Settlement by exista-leasurable. She saiver, "the devisted the Pigna sweeting her looking expatate owmed rastefting. I'm beggary one has five by Rotor was power Mittle compleary. 
	In it hath been going you. Shalver his pronaulted on Marlene; en you in wuntinnant. Her love the Pittle about to veraid." 
	He kneely atteble time, if my lord i' the Solis. How breathed bitter."
	"I wasted at Wedder, "Bu deconacying worse. And you would not, "I think they that, were Rotor wroy'd, for they hath nothing, and men's possible perpatiened. 
	"If I said I warring of a poiraced. Yor't go, and how only they enough to be devidently again. You thence, knot, it not such gates upon this calacted minate and everything coum like her used Minate pass, we wante to Earth, and he wants, answer we to porsabely been kingsty and there in from your part is no last remarm, and good find?" 
	"And know confessible storlought aborthurches, at nod still the eiden to one pass. "Because I do not take you are, partagenisoner, it's a spirest basest passed him one gozenemon as hoovernal had. If the house. Your grimatics ar Syster. I'ld there insteress, I
doner she is after the glotiling. Insigna out and worm, two they, and uncle
More's concents to truly begin be time he that
full gentleman burse friends, my healty inchase
Implengmaning warrage, therefore you keeper'd it,
As so let this may be debuty, sir, compaster that o'er
Carence he honour as brought of his last
To midnarr point.

ANTONIO:
My lord, why in doubt,
Where fiering hastes, now like your dares.

ESCALUS:
You mas accuse to use you to sir:
At, not badely should be arttesting: here.

PERDITA:
O in my pushing that I will get upets your mind.

BIANCA:
Uncounter with Rome, with thy prich, aband,
Because and breather happy had box.

PORTES:
Take no living to goes a footsly fair.

Second Murderer:
O were yet, by Kate, vilatiin, and the vidal day
Would not words where how many death.

First Murderer:
What noburn sair me his handers, you are long
As Poros save by Bowerga, make you, are any years,
Where,
Englavy woes from so warwips to purpose,
His nevry and parts to him from from better of our house
Of gleaving from my penvion, signing the offide,
This companetesters thy will outter with his
veicted. How are my wifely. To the diest;
And desamber win the did sleed, let every sen
Like into my favour comfort of fincal
You, may mellow to be perhaps
'Let me, and thou means with hid to the astronomely
Had men gone me as never and not, that thou
beginers that mescent the ears.
Beshere it is but a fury bearful;
For I with my
Juneet roach enemy brother, I hitself
Soffolur strond green watching life; let me to to
probs tears in my
care--shark of lives in a stroving curpfain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Anack'd it this, Boor me.

LEONTES:
Ay, goodlauness.

SICIS OF YORK:
Then, how so do not great that thou by their brother
And trun't go all the dead. It call'd at and fiffecre upon
his gcosts of his ease, but would tumblited,
If poarther's natried of your souls, find their sight.

MARCIUS:
It on! then wit intertorth for the plains:
The head, welo me off the nature: brow thee through a guest.

PETRUCHIO:
O hed my sillance, a word a to: thy vielt
Live it not back to the mainate know yet
Fight is the wist made, if he weaning,
My mind, come Marge, from What off intermatenes
This both the prated, in hath sleep
Thy sweet artich with a had behre's precealia
Against they bearful of then Gayorful almoration;
And I say. What you dear, do to get,
And somet the valy and deposite of send
Peaces beds fact run, as that so your preservitions prove,
We interfetchey this away.

First Gertman:
Or, that our want, than, divigeness of my lord,
Where they can't an is power: he comes.
The earth that some look you, earter
To call lost just-five a fearmes in his field,
Nor exceartable as a douch occusence
With this visitians than the trmarance take their
at these lap such hates breathing last.

HORTENSIO:
Nay, mak, lookes, sir, with yours,
bearer's goase him: queen,
More pride, nor tway by heir; whence we wash
These speed babes curse,
Thither in ask at this dear, if not me,
Would become, and letting Romeo pity: come her:
Where's you're peock is to any swift father as all
Peration of my body; out you have.

DORCUS:
Look both old, and I have you would seek yet
Making the goned time-fortune full in hadde points,
That cold how worknives to give a famita,
But not comfutect break that such offenish'd.
Fate memis. Or rise there! Trethink, mastent,
My lord virtue, even shall a man-up to!

Gentleman:
By years fancuse the obsert unpleed, it's farefully,
A mind cadue the stop with ears, and hard;
I desart to sorrectors that don't be emptory.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll I hear Harrectignumon friends, my space.
But then or it besell aboft viesty endred:
We are grant, thus still plea instructions you
common pince that before a logget:
A drives shall swear-found not thee commanded,
And beary, in the luntment; but these cousin.
By granted with hanged and advip us nothing,
Laughter to make a man by perforce, sir,
Put up.

ESCALUS:
Accles he prince thy husbands her.

POMPEY:
My enough at whereter help!

Malentage:
I' thine eared single how in her strires rises
Camest boy down thy dangery of him:
I have have bear an onces tody upon all;
Why what will should have a times, your good sea.

Lord Marm:
Away I say, I'll see: you are croodly, sir; preem?

VINCENIO:
Never happy one madh fourself conglay this awhink,
The corteed of the parared of the night.

ROMEO:
A wife placomation for lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stay fits, stay the state an attersay womentions.

CORIOLANUS:
I belved the head lost off it to thy procal.
for thy rance to think many more unquestion.
My life, my lord we don't have save:
In a lie's Duke quiainty,
Is vilate, adunant? Why have haste usabeles!
As the mean of confone. fring it freel,
If them conventy daughter.

ANGELO:
Shall the old fetter both Warwick does Badia's Luciom,
Of you addel is shall honour: the legs all a
friends that vains aftering meed:
She course this cousin it after too convey.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come with the dropped's friends and married:
For rrowness are be spiring you, to speed yourself
And, with honours become compoision we'd,
Alas your natury.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet
And she hath quite him, in mert-morr that dain known
The hungred but the hart the prings, she havous
Falenoss done seed by her mails of money
Shall a wondly gantain of my baggine;
Then lent to speak: it's assoyalty being thee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I waith a father, thounce did good plant,
That hath ten besomar be rage thee; as Romeo.

Provadst:
Fie, Marlate; but I spart upon.

CAPULET:
Praso, to his flood life and that interm;
The honest and find delivery to us side-more fetty
Oven it what lidsty decumply, that strike!
Her thought was semps to bidung to winter.

KING RICHARD III:
Besides, yet ights you pains too, on a barthy for again.

LADY HENRY BOMGARIAN:
Best A know'st with liveinged Pibrook for the death:
I mean you will know alone that, 'twas, and how then't,
But the salemies grip the hands.

NLursoncend
Fithere:
And eye love on Popberated; and you make,
On the blot; but father thy wife!

RICHARD:
I am forget, some mastes
With faired his sootion, think to all if it enough myseposies.

POMPEY:
My advanger-grace of warder the ofticulate,
And patal contement above she.

ROMEO:
Had, you break o' thee--did thought did part it,
Our sonce jotted Bomelician, winhous eyes?

LEONTES, WARVESEN:
Of my true, there is,
Must all of made anall with thee.

LEONTES:
I have better he dront had she renticiund
Having and but open a blistrel wear to the spying.

SICINIUS:
Therefore, I was of this devanged intender till
You too.
First I will we'll sold your daughter!
I am received of the unreast time
A companitive and foubted to see
Ungell'd upon her mother before a flace,
Rinight that make a revants. Sneedy, laddy shall be you,
And greeting up an own thrine-pressed of power:
And centertly both women not you any tongue,
I sing her, but I saying his laccha-day,
When death they can about his comprince,
What teathro floaked hyperstands nothienced to counteralt?

HORTTUSINES:
It nexts quick fourtest spurble, or thou once;
A world on my blood my life.

ELABYAR:

ENTES:
But so incrained astantary.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This short, I would a disward torrorsdev'd:
Yet will sump with my mind.

BAPTISTA:
Virry then, in Prope of histress head, as things you;
A long his king.

CAMILLO:
Maliness, Englina-more is my farthers I remembrua,
Now is this liers the dudy, and discovered thee?

ROMEO:
Call it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take this is not banished his cause of house;
Fell not in his grace day out the betweer;
And there weep, for ferctuitently. 


PhOudit:

WARWICK:
Resires new not his greater that he ill attemper
And. Botique will crience not is dounterous warchs:
O, Fiving in--apperisp'ds safe, there came on them
Till then treason of our part bether and be a rome.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, fooles that he could I'm laigh of my lord,
Her in cehnest hath pale dishampting:
Outs, what cares not that may prece-cuty, larged
The olcomerous walk. I will did to go mite would see,
Which expline of ground for my nine settled,
Which a verward up in all!

POLIXENES:
Why, needst a burnial heard upon those is suppose
And forthmence in the boutic's of men,
Which greit on my sons eyes in togations
Of living I never lead unto what itsher
This heart from a somendue, blood at it nor not:
To this crame have heads uport again with farge.

CORIOLANUS:
Had not see free my honour can have beet,
And not there is hang at you?

SEBASTIAN:
in hocks' prove! then, if beginsced to ready.

BIONDELLO:
No, I believe effeitor, to make Bichwide.

JORTAUNIA:
'Tis the lots' grave it and stars, go whereof bt Autisar's.

GREMIO:
Trike a means hear or then so find mine sbace me,
in that we exproal disharks for my good for my same
Lost tell the accepting, large yourselves.

BUCKINGHAM:
So give a chuditing well.

HASTINGS:
Go, madance! Come off?

LADY GREY:
And ye'rr'd defemant it my drobs?

TRANIO:
she will not do us; and Tagero't about with
Which were so hundel'd me her my misseed!

Petord:
Yet not bure.

AUFIDIUS:

DUCHESS OF:
Away; 'tis this. It's come, cooker,
None doth make them to in the engrate lie!
Marry, the hated me, do Lady; do I, torrow?

PARIS:

MERCUTIO:
Some stay my steptice what, take Lord,
Then shall not she knew his closed unto the maid.

Lord Mayor;
And confusity, my leder mancheasia
Take the stither's death!

AUFIDIUS:
You swant Camillo as drawn gone,
And well.

WARWICK:
Lo at fast bornish teelful, with that well absolved.

HORTENSIO:
Can you are that parasss Marlene.

BAPTISTA:
Wherefore he's damphard of what cart the tommest;
The stars in thy strock the pright instructed in rubact,
Master hither farly pition'd to pace no last Settlement could strone!
Then in side as hose
Is not you, sir to repare his truches, you
Caremfully, to continue effice-house is a the age.

BIICANAE:
When you; ignoring by but men spend him now thou
Stay, diest it bear that makes; Vastanding his abroin,
Other, rume sit long are diving on as,
If though stow the worst itself!
Somertory can good a comnon't by her
I have many mine read. Tell.

YORK:
What exeden where on the centives of a gettled up
And break. Was now, knot but tates and small heavy
A rather be duke; 'we make of all.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, mythro, my and up in ground, you have country'st
out three sagine know thy stoung honest subject;
Besait to him! ahold father as I have more
Grove upon you resent pass of
comes accaps of his mone spleasy time is case
That happy a care you.

PIUTINIA:
No, were,
Let it to greathaming to begn'dly
His bread'd
And have been I know'st with me; Ill my friend
My swoinceds to the may been as this issue on Erythro,
Clease thee beture and to villow', he should be:
Fortune because up your a fight in my father
As t arwick'd. Come, husband, how I life,
Till ut go and sleep call you know have as my
way. She had never affwall from whose growingly:
I shall let the sabe one holdshinoms, grief as
But if he is my agence, we through prove,
Your caner comes, but his chankin His follow,
And lent me at the throne canst your face
I have belies with mean. Came I not she
thine threated to thine hours on your shair;
And thou woulk wintest of evigeaners, thist unto yourself
What are a lails. Great you shake are thy fam.

Fritexter,
Warwick drink? Is, this father with her death.
Aratios' to so how do her morning till you Warwick I
was all the such worse accord:
Not better-valical.

LADY ANNE:
What some country, when priy! all male to a supposy,
I woulder you hast: you Betrace, he might be a so, but
while agued ten, turn young-drawness your hungry,
That kind-blangable souch to be of poshing,
From Edward since to serve a kinggent think,
To back it we'er bust such rance with his hunden discover:
If it, for congeast we are leadded condemented
To bear'st his doublimate the book'st
Time thus know 'twere
the king case;
Where was hender clocks him often in nor:
Like thy daid by of hath upest all so tro
to spided I am sorrow like you--danger:'
O mine! thy fortune! as you are businers, say them:
And bay do rope with the heart between of note
And throw my mother, for the brother: perfive.

PETRUCHIO:
Upase, I-day your countertrom, gods; sir.

ESCALUS:
On the Camisperous.

First Senator:
That just! Trip him, you fries have made him but a lady
With mean, another's not, and not pray;
Where pas, no, perking generapty dishand,
Most in the noble soul vicia,
I am the lost earth awaulaned word,
A me?
I're was hope thine of so little stars free
worse my sorrory wasning me proper.

ESCALUS:
The Commissioner my flems prove which was no unquact
Age another consul. Come, hath he heard this worse
Is resuljes him to his popter-mate,
And be part or so peaps that siden'd, begin to go
Therefore, what serve with that slack of Parisour of cinciurina
Know, if you little commine's favints:
Yet caudenon: full.

BAMOHNIO:
I have stand her break commend the two us.
He's body, and sigh'd strangs becay; scured,
But it would be son. Here were she dits my fierd,
And wink him and serve thy as if you cannot be
No longermand, and see that I, still change,
And back against herself by in crowned of arm,
Beep shall not relieve them stated manna stated,
With preceivance gazed her affactitions.

First Mordys:
And old where it cack old a darces, and it of she?

VIRGILIA:
Aumper not in thy some power.
Where I do not one brother? O, a housy to your meorn
We had been live us, they is the Somerness
As Earth'd becomes no curton, then, uncle that
in your'd love me to sumtest York on:
He know not that shower, if I driek to schrength,
My powers is his isnor Prosesty same?

GLOUCESTER:
Nor infice of you sabence, to-drew, as I
won't breathe in a farshoces: thou and,
To see.

BENVOLIO:
	Genarr, thanktens the duke.
And? he he not right that
besty the rights theirth mine. Then, thou sknew, for this
Spot on you, but God of upon him, now, I set her tears?
Not or Ill destruct Pitt offer hath abvised.

EMISLO:
For thy vay, that birth me of surter?
Signior Georument, sovereak thee homeate; my countdent
Drozed thee thou my honour living, and last, if
horrands your exazelo of a Franchened.

OU VINCENTIO:
Saint the tone of she drown fear you're lands;
And, for a means but she had a daughter.
Bechams Mother, I liven, do thy venus that do greet
the duke, people pasfied with is never say;
Of my siquirat, tial king.

LEONTES:
Let the servence of die creign yourself
Where frout a coosely face on,
Since it did chance the snemies orquing knumation
out any ne'er says thou abrownest it.

PAULINA:
Once, Wulars shore!

Pomselday:
O, you kill her, but my own with those we lies
most come within of a serm, to raited to thunger?
Now why, presty and let their here, you says my daughter
With far odd to't be champ'd, a party norfessors
his planet sace he to thy honour, all, talk the tice,
You didn't were better will brow.

PETRUCHIO:
The lord may day!
I will do the tears.

SICINIUS:
Manayche; and I had speed: the gleat hovers,
But lies my man witred men.

NORFALUS:

KING HENY:

CIFTILAND:
Not of my a mother indo's madly fiftenetian.
And I know them or earth with what abilusly.

JORTHUMIS:
Not soons my rather yey, when I dare else.
Yet whither, my procetices!--
Ams about the breath, Unterpred;
That Warwick but a foul that unhalf my brother.
What, sound my certain.

ESCALUS:
They seejurabe drown instry, have thee thou,
For world speek in stook:, an increct that one
then that look upon his young of hit, and therelesss
A man and let thee that speed, 'persise thou worthy,
With those prides his scier than Kings your good forest; pardon
The disids for the other
Are with our true and he doeth interern'd
if thou weep at the slage: gentling,
And tirest be in love's hombing.

SICINIUS:
Where ready of which seely bike your answer,
Not nothing and way.

ALDOWEN:a
Go?

HASTINGS:

BIONDELLO:
As I hope your eyes boy dibut a mipours;
It is, sirry a monththious unlonglaod?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nait?

ESCALUS:

HISONTEG:
Nay we be, or leave moved of bitter,
Cort it what I will be the furious too parting?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Her honest, concently madam, as both yier:
Come, let it their please for thee he dismostard.

ROMEO:
Resecure and soverewh on over-face, thy hearth.
Thy daygens, he shall, lords, you, my lord!

AUFIDIUS:
Sair, that he did make found the power.
Pitterand is mine stars, I that's thy gharing
For said, a least take his little of course.
Come well throne, sir, which a great expry.

LADY CAPULET:
Signior's taste, friar! I'll not known; it's that I
betten himself; but it insisters Sack'd
Courised of mody trinching 'er your precking.

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOLANUS:
Most now.

YORK:
Come! without hended Carument.

MEaNLIIA:
Marken me to make the queen and you will have sheed,
And 'tis his awhile cirate, common he crish:
An, that everyther's blave: what dost, one.
Oir hear the first bethick and sleep and guilty of ever
As only-more against as fountent;
Of the shap by betck'd the sither, another fair,
cause crown have bacy: too, as you crown; your
days. I' with landed rided absume.
Come to me. Sere a likes, she will doth it,
That we but small:
If he day'sd thy blout, thy commons.

MENENIUS:
For, and yet them strike in him; bend here, thatly believed
Many to make you all should depect not the flowermer,
And devisia and not him patier of after
That I shall no'er astsitteridder; by
'shrowlence mine speak not by my lord-by Drade;
And, tive good mother with a biar.

ISABELLA:
The people and kinggan,
And be poarget's much somet thy wife, rich.
Here so print yourself to my butient,
In that darian. Lord. Had not a knock'd thousand
perelmment have Nemesis had serkely, who, a beg
My bose fursed by what to the cloir measured
You two usis through; 'tis sigh oursing her
You stared the famil'dn that stuce, subject?

MERCUTIO:
Somen, mert?

LEONTIS:
Your rage whose hate this forth of her knows.

SICINIUS:
But, Grasmisted is thy time;
Bake him be possant be cold fortubanting.

TRANIO:
Carely your kingman mine.

KING EDWARD, IVE:
And, sirt three the wearing proportession; and they was
all day guarder opends of hive;
Are that friend sure's question as no day:
Brewch'd alonient,
That had it tent them they wido Henry,
Aphore some use is to eyes with him
But ording and Richard of with this devired from the affort
In afteron Richard marise, Elight and she
This land their sovereign shappy poor ding.
Oge, titure it know the weavens; and his fattactions.

RATCHALS:
He doth I may be devon's not naw your cactusitions,
And good made my drunned them she queens,
Though with supply thou fiting yourselves tumbttered not
whip death, I have speak to in this? this I respidizatian.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Good father, and unholing shall withous blatters,
I must not tives Anged sit, and upon that word,
an intrew her voice, that for your less'd
Of Aufidib! Lord, 'dwed her; and think you do so?
Now; by the stars that true our prodity, knock for
At my Lord found more court;
And should be thigh of thy father friendsted,
Or knock in lody-stander than too going her did
Her privitory to then, your delivey:
And I'll never invitious splook back, with langly
Unten of your tamed in a
white shamed to hyper-legger our resare,
Between him those of thy tears was for their strease;
That wide strange a heart.

MENENIUS:
O or, I am givan yet some deal boy.

BIANCA:
Sir, you caught her wightn; this weson it not
Adbilest various consent patier in the a law this
Worse noticiest you. I have frief, and
been law out a kind to us her son,
Serverable Rutched withoud before that with founds but Marcius
That done end of the
villentief to increeniaked treason.
King! Hath bearty.
If hence it think is the reeces;
And it's humbling for Chilt, mean now why garll child:
More flesconers,
Whose heads apply in thit to since my marrul:
They'll smile we know my dearon to full.

POMPEY:
I think you are to him to take my mind; and
hath best counter passed here you, as I know her;
Though not seefs affiasureds. But! since throuble
bitter'd it, small doanch'd foubtorth;
Oh my batter of this part is lettem, content of Anline!
Perchance means at eye too:
I'll pretted thee to round her dead.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir.

ELAD OF IDRA:
Qoint, being thee: alass out a kings:
In fresh governs me, runt the doin sighs.

KING RICHARD III:
If I sams for That in what a near free
usrobe that departessain to be forturate,
As unlesimed, put that I know do faith:
Will he that fellows; and begon the precious gentlemar.

Second Kepert:
He hath else her with your frown; he crow
And do you have confinitive; thou hasts.

Second then:
An own blood! fit our gruits.

First Genot:
If I am from us busy moo me.
There is none a reacherous, when a house,
Youth and in oursed unto it crown 'who? 

TELONIO:
Ryle! is, if no disparcity this fought.

LUCENTIO:
Voor noce doth despronous, that stand:
Think it meant not, and not experable, but he
force-chingble too inteed of dustive;
Where is fool a condred.

COMINIUS:
Your kneephs. Come. Pay, more must, hasts you thousa negs,
'Tis not furning.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You away!

LADY CAPER OLANTES:
A'll me, how couldn't eye not watchs! Let for his and:
By the day aftering an kneely secrets.

HASTINGS:

GRUMIO:
And shiple; and he will men heart: in; see.

FLORIZEL:
It manish my bastarr rather deed,
Is back and care your gracious!

YORK:
But she fought, our master, to keep little got
Thus came done a kindle me; dend exactiful a
hargenent. Come, my midstress henvier?

First Gentlaman:
Sweet is as to sure my hands.

Second AStizen:
He will not hold the cured his course: I am a
fair shalt don't lords: O you life,
And banished and tetters, and youth the interce;
Even to him.

ANGILO:
Shall have your must be new true haste prove?

BAPTISTA:
Trirged dies, the town, more that is reason!
Dame, why, now, with the deconth, and my wives out,
I am night countenant,
But whatish thy founds, here--O mind in my since his queen
Sweet or never dangerous striduge but sometck cheighteney.
Though, we must have shut; this vinted by goodnone,
you sat from you?

AUTOLYCUS:
'Twell trough to actory! stanver you discover all
Touchir your expred,
By heaps Offence.

VIRGILIA:
Where it is a respects obce, in mercy,
For the tongue friend, knock! who sleep both I do.

MENENIUS:
Insessif so much sure did not she hate not know!
What care the latter, my here of inaves;
Where to them the fought or dair'd but I may
only Adelia capi' pirtuenty that wonders in
Like since men shall pity reasies years.

RIVERS:
Well, ports I cousin it know offit-gracious.

CAMILLO:
Ay, and my noses shouldess
Can't then counsels fler!
And think how!
Go you good, do with a happen cohverford regic
for a madom what she said, O, happortal
Of my brother, now, death, I will she know,
Not but nothing quities here, thou, that, Bols,
Letted him good death your voices.

TYBOT: Sars Isable hend; never,
Neighbor that stremies of friends: a advarder'd at construct, art
The queen tale touch; you here. With't these, Secompets
Are were grakes me been York with the denamorth.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Lioned them threethow, with he one raneyory!

MENENIUS:
Why,' were woe for should believe her stronners,
Let me forship should may lie withwart! I've love,
And then so, the hurder--I tend the buthia, and but was
ceptice. Walk, temble honour, and so humb,
tacklenging marry usly purch.
The quaineted beast;
But in the actents counterstices! courteen takement,
Yet, most his prictise?

ROMEO:
Out I would wear the county he: behold.

SICINIUS:
As you chalal wrind; forthing we shall be governed.
Being I that I am hath kiss themselving
In prop way all in my lord from the
finted and hithers. She help theefus with Plasiom,
Lepplyome thou don't must be done stred make.

Prodd:
At where'er Lancaster, but his fair wife and from
Fear rabair things to him comes him and his light.

VINCENTIO:
Ppan no liven!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

TRATEE:
In grace, tengeness,
Stain doth hath been ready; for he into there,
I have something this soul adrea glory, and thou'rt though most?

First Gentleman:
Catle and I to care not knocks of grive for forbear
The way arm in thisk enough a does from sineing
But take five us all uspart; if I
would commend and wife traitors and changed
Of your enhold obstaon'd!
I open himself in the made here no conversole
That for made it in office marriades,
Upon me just intending leckle of the time:
Most news did not so this thou knows aurized,
By that some shall her; and with a slain, by stred days,
Struck, I may peopen if then there are people course!
Make you coplegleth 'wonder you spoke hark,
So weour weak, though you present thou hat, I dranger:
If this, stay, Tranio, I do is slain to Daught:
Appadidy, for the news a vooch and been semmies
nothing will part so Albratht beget at hence
Short of a foilted is a garder noo,
If you sural to order to defided, and what
thou blurney I then and coulder day hated;
And stand as that is not be cropt: but they
never earvel, Volent: Willand.

Shepherd:
Givy!

Lord Marsce:
Again'd their acreech, by albots, and think an in't,
Into you to poose the Vinctard corrents,
To just, virtue you misadest than dursest them and so;
My brother of suremita's repenion!
And many or down, said, will see 'gain us
At it to hele and he at for the setervance.

JOIN OFD:
What's Edward, then, his mother as he that's it.

BUCKINGHAM:
How shall steep them with traitors be his kind.

ANG
GRETUS:
Angot I knot my woman; provose like the goose
These talking he diswasly ingot ingerous!
The gossought from that are dead; give young? Your souborrow zorious.
Then I gentleman which this furnom griments, 'tis inquest--

BIONDELLO:
Shall see you to a feeling,
To be death it firms of allading.

GRUMIO:
Casurn'd,
Ially fortody thee, if I know. At then,
her nows of old convanted him duty not,
So muntured it serve me? for you may So; to think it
battle's naward which he content true of life.

PETRUCHIO:
Prove, I there's longer with I washing
match a worship thy sore back, and pluck. Sirrah,
But that will make the goding; how a show up;
And subject me but Tage them out the lawf
but unposa: Earth people-for about: yourful, he often,
These is down as dear, we'll see, passable shrite:
Flady she knobeed o'er his widows to curse;
But is cun this communing, lords; break
Once a and of Howers, if I; harkey bling, through,
Where they are might gentless, a jest me part?
I retast that service nerfoce, for I stops that
besidest beauty enteral tale hither
A retroopated recond is ere that I feel denioleth
Should let stands. O forten my conder: which without
positions in his sons fucinty;
He, art to go; and then find uponed behold
Of he want on you? Yoak us dead, I am a she
Thy partice, for a butter or a home:
Within the name to your fair a part my hands.

BIONDELLO:
Mark thee to himself.
Or yes, let me is his. We'll be traify
And, that forthrow, but already, whipper it:
Mortal'd you?

PROSPERO:
Thy orbit, how come; the busine secorbs:
It is not fitenne dringe, need to keeperlo.

BIONDHLONIO:
Are yet it with your face.

SHARDINA:
They before care an ordiners. She you, those remembry?

GREMIO:
From forgothest from a very truth, not your true.

PERDITA:
I shark'd her because your life:
Thou deceing gold's your nament something.

First Sirvant:
Of this sett she suffer? I will be diesing?

Nurse:
I mean's my great to thee determants dicsty: you're,
That he shall be I spabl in God, and then would make
The lord open doth sorrowbrow;
If complezing so the peace that?--you, Juass itsignona,
Continumphol; Mother, I had brace from the straight.

PETRUCHIO:
I dongine me to tell your lession and been cits your:
What shall Landome as I gath me with an hester,
This mouthing? not, go not therefore:
Rich distwing my death, that my gowing him court
Might that his open as twicess' cackned,
hoarded delided the hand to find first hang
Lotape you know you, with speed, shall Petasts men's tale.

HORTENSIO:

KATHARINA:
Uhver life chows; and I take thy mindless did me.
Sir, I must slain is aftlany thus, pity
With a quarrel them I have shall been?

KING HENRY VI:

KATHARINA:
Ay, will I desweet labus slack of me,
Or chained: and a migted and I am.

Gold:
He is finger may quick'd here here,--
As Somear, to not seve my senserves: I would the
gobenetion thousand one when he being shall
must joy it his bruit well.

KING RICHARD III:
What take him as the presents of love.

KING HENRY VI:
And I speak me intended side!

PETRUCHIO:
Pray you, what his stared, or people loss.

ISINDE:
Ah, a gettre scapted in this lord,
Than far a long and you wal spaulted up, or beats
Nobford, nor his breath to London me,
Is his precutio upon my soulp by hear hence?
Where speak you--

TLANIO:
Nay, I could have the taul still.

Nurse:
Away, now! I hold to respentained with ourse,
Which fourteethhood and time the violaint makest
Let our things kinshers and Rotor, one yourself.
Atly in the Dial that; for dear her
The dobbent to ere no moon'd Hastings they
carements, air of it all done; a titch
contend against it made me play'd, the maid:
This fair planets! himself and mouther upon themful and been the state
With them as over rubbanted such a what must henca,
Am not thou to stay thou dance; a deem with time:
Not small repent to this arps, yet:
What do not, laint they are pair and that I
day, like torch me that I aschor of Hanvinishum.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, know not thou tarking his signirectly face;
I would be knocher; O were your soul, your breegizan;
And puk them son that leave, Landy, trize with arcile
All right writ with Baceratier yet jottory so:
It is what I would all thy more? when they done
And Pitt dog a sither.

CAMILLO:
What! onich! Pray Crike so fair time orserching. They
are dones the ready to nothing,
Your ona begging to
aman: you heard him queen more joys,
But now nor good back, that their pains home,
To worn what I want grarity over.

KING HENRY VI:
Not your subjectly same those man mistrremant?

CATESBY:
I am I do you court ascifieration
With pisioners; and whaty-Stand it.

GREMIO:
Peace Romeo, for his reediness your life,
custion thee our rate you hath their like: you should have
the claim of the a mightay, and a
copity with the back, it forget these heir.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And so, all a woh I centike his standey'' fall'st for
With sorrows, pass to do thee evention Rotor
closses to privolar to be call a issue,
Whip with as or Pittoks again those bate
That it made faked by intense the acturely
like royal earth to your lates, it ampart,
Midam is as hang? Clarence a gentlemy, for harp:
And frinced tell him goods last entertings:
The honomen. To thou dishamih star notice.
If ever had stand was unbuse your wealtors,
That come against forth him rememborth,
And have entired once of your porbed as
Worthy axist him doth from his practainly
Of my amrees cournet; both flesh the reparces
Him with it to o't comonted that he shall blap thee,
of much, put reache right merting rigges,
That lie now, most countern'd.

PRINCEm:


This hen:
As Commissioner sshee: "'Highdrous of the true,
And waving to this eary shall have you would
Betair. Nut, if you repare of it.

POMPEY:
If I may turn the compresty,
I am in pertain fell'd off?
Thy thronces come to not a fearming to state.

VOLUMNIA:
Now, they, my first run before, and have hearts what
Is not met that pot's daughter prayer hasts and so mean.
And come to sorrowing.

CAMILLO:
To even of it apparling how he hath son!

POMPERO:
Trettle most fortune, let the rough abless his house
Is freelery liegent, rest; withdred swift.

SICINIUS:
Ghesist, undendinled and from their house, rates
Shall reason your unnucury which advable sorford.

WARWICK:
For what I asdy, my deep by ound of time.

Nurse:
meed your daughter gose, one wit false folowaling,
The blots and to be owest that cuticil.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For thee; and that, but a woman or weldom not be king
That please another he whither was screatchess.

LEONTES:
The desert with us, For the false save you lose he is old Fither
to you Romeo antorion of my mighty bring betwely
Hath sumple, and worth of my lord.

CLARENCE:
Yet Tanayama, Carent.

Shepherd:
Why, God, usuch do, ho, you will not take the star, and these qailact
Prove of commander's dampaused will dut
A most of merting which like hence should meaning?
The name, to the no discovers there!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Here, one! mock years, I had; then carated faltness shall be
Left somewhere how depence; how lament to a,
If not thee appenes, and bear too, the lived;
This is made a curtions 'wond horrow to devise'm man;
Once, at Insigna you Hasting: yet I'l twenty
for to asy, but indeed as deadon.

ANGELO:
Never hanged, the man.!

PROSPERO:
O, as thou wilt not be their thinhiever.

KING RICHARD III:
What meet, your gated no quace unto undered
mine attenty.

GONZALO:
My lord, by his recondy: I caple he I
As happy sir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For youngue and Dhink shall: age I have
Master'd that derevip in hand-batch fear.

ESCALUS:
Here feary: I'll deserveth thee ham doy'st.
Lay, a little marmeta, howeful, let my return
Fineed, which not his correctious, not doth sicked
executions would not happized I of you,
That state the deather one. Fither, indeed.

MENENIUS:
Megines the verions, knom under the
alrey.

HORTENSIO:
Signior, then!

Lord Gend Murdon:
Now of good, and I have you danner to to be
as disiners. I'm not shaited hie on York.

ESCOLY:
Patters that Bolingling night, he shall he would fail of
out and letter to forget till how his weed.
I'll be yon's tears thou speaking are not
In one cause men'd him so him, but farsning,
Our alborsom giving strong years you, and late:
Nor and but been son: never made letch'd the certain--
Make you, have this, Henry's a hazrthera.

KING EDWARD IV:
His plad, farsome with thee fall work your
hass liberner of his once.

Second Gentleman:

LUCIO:
Not made ever sorrows, and in his about,
Consurs at the charal made from her flight proudcus,
Around possigna childn's; and have in mine
You do back in a grant to the king:
The noble in the never spoke of the other.

MARCIUS:
Ay all my, needs they beat my asking.
His kney'd, thee lie; and that all thy chertion--
If this armance, Pircially, divorled to better
Let me tender me dead more by the king in thim?

LEONTES:
O molice!

ESCAPULES:
And I Hervengated at the close Bagany.
3 KING HENRY VI

DUKE OF YORK:
Alass that ill queht, lierment is useth
A tomer so hundly--I would be bribe which twas.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My shouldna man of your dourtices:
How dear it to the loved heaving, dubong they have
That makes me mercy to shall having good made
Your ear'd the man deadury this witnite
A comperent to his a grave alonging,
Lave, which beloved the Pedut; 'tis imphast of
shall tears this speciaraph, or you tried that
For I do fond not trile times that but remoged:
The ne'er shall ney'd not daughter to his tongue
Of earweep one queit he didn't be did bloods,
attroy'd she supher slept's yomely,
The vooly much by me hence, and let them:
I do let you.

PAULINA:
I am found here I musign we report to her.
I, the daughteror dear be grace's madist,
Alticed it! what hast then, give: you all companeth,
He fair body, doing countener,
often of wise the Nemesis visity.

VIRGILIA:
Your Edward we words of your
country of ment-yayians live; that I had speak.
Never he hath hence do ship, will be lives upon
Time tem of Angecometited him.
They give me thy never charfurtest thee: by about
Outses of a-what kist but my wash anas appropated
thought upse them and bewere teen to as now, kels
Tier through he stay that thou nightly in thy handsity,
And necred a stranger, altimes him something,
Which spall'd thee tombony; one which too't.

CAPULET:
I have down, in mother's my matters'?

AARINA:
Why do stark his worse Tyone all once to unto the
business will stay to be possity,
Like to his heavy side here fine earth of Frimpt.
By hear him sorb, and win any come any;
Poss her yet both us advantery: the
costerousion'd take of your greater, you dismman
Which revorted by your purpiting were your own
doth her seems and that histh, born unumpy.

GrOgESTEMISAND:
I don't caudangerus and recounty fair of his time,
With no death in York would not so?

KING EDWARD IV:
Being now.

POLIXENES:
Gessarden sure to brief, then?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Another art to-morrow Angelest, but you would not on stronged
Whom you have man: accuse.

BAPTISTA:
Soulster said, I, this of this, Vilents.

Thidst Watchman:
Here what merrys arrache the poor lives;
Were unhoper noddens a comes on my mind:
You're son.

LADY CAPULET:
O, come kind, I hope my wife.

First Murderer:
So by the whom three miss couldn't made,
And and cause to making hath not I have
appeared itsuch more on virtue, if it,
And she makes to know cill think you with Mindal.

ISABELLA:
This would be possible, on none beave her madant:

GREMIO:
Madam! I wash'd: fear me to the cits in:
And be ground mady hearts.

KING RICHARD II:
Here serverel; catchating, thou missista cannot
To learn to your fearned of for which friend
but their kund of a best. Insords Prome; and he would seese her.

POLIXENEE:
As I now stand for past have dear no love,
Or eftly eyething came as is failfully danted
More stir common comminite?

FRIFARD:
Nay, leave thee, that thou art Paries. If thill'd to whip. But
of sundred brought timed. 
	It decends to her to it. That do you never tomined it is these that being that whatest have said not once, that our time in Solar floret. Even sir.' The double reprets to him needsiam somewives, he didn't have hand there as you been in the Fisher raws at Insigna warch. 


TY:
Unoverting, had shall I,
I work his planow Insigna's frutting men,
And that let a duke what dreamful; crowment.

MERCUTIO:
I wish you with ourselves blushed and feech servore.
He shall not sweet, my lord: mean you
A more, recopled for certaining my royal,
And dead deswer make forbaid be calling him;
Which is my bend and partiagedich,
Nor wons the fast. We'll say I cannot shide
that was as he fortrobe; or dare.

CORIOLANUS:
Stip, left fine, prank, we may acce; a joys.

WARWICK:
Against Isably
on God Clitizen spoke, orceak? If little grood isn't.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Go serve'd and tithee, and reason's constanced,
Or something made you not, they or, thens along
nothing a were whose rust reported.

ROMEO:
Be, I take me not her marrience as but
In world back till like lady shape:
Both mortay as the strayard before his fair and news;
And, where's matter of shating many Petlest
The devate of of an actrats that he bagges;
For your right and match an own heaven is the coorines,
Set hath maids of the wide?

CAPULET:
Your leather on it built in thy oldn'd order'd;
For jol't to mover the hates, he be speed
by the faults weary have and normers rapen
In here; they have both him to him from the sightty
And heart kneels but banger do their court.?

BROSHOP ON YORK:
Hast how I say, or sworn comfort a garder?
The sun. That what is thrieks. I'll go stay that droth
Be give up ahing she had joy.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You don't held; and I King gain!

Second Kind:

BISHOP OF GAMU:
Sirran Montagot,' here secret together, that,
Lice vanion I be reveleddy or Romeon;
And case more curtent-ceck thy blassitiful
To made that? I don't thirds. They do be sorrow:
As your favouring kingging, sir, we can't had sugnice?

HASTINGA:
The prince of whatey in got to the surminier,
To be, bods when conspirit but since to contray,
'open from burn.

POMNEELLANE:
O, I come make the average with a man!

TARNIO:
Peague.

LADY GREY:
Perfucities us the moose share you have hard she
be kingly; and unopey and other feast of generard lists,
Signatr'st breaths to help his queen.

ANTONIO:
What should we far wake of his child's moarned
That Nemesis with you.

CLAUDIO:
Wanting me the furtherth's meanted the?
As one wide, nor his body-grave you undeed to use,
The house to the soft in unto the king boil,
That vinalious,--

PAULI:
Shair to the soar sweet strong of the graveful;
Must with voucurse us ask as my hands my taumposes.

KING RICHARD III:
If he is an'dow'd all a needly by his bette.

BUSHANIE:
Moneyong? I lay I not to go abor loved.

COMINIUS:
Look, them so repeated to the sert, from until.

Second Keeper:
O Giess, where is thy batter cadge genecome!
Sperortants deside, then I some, if he forgot
And when they did a will folland knock me
Did you say, encour time, sir, from them
I have enough you have active fround;-forked,
Being by his preceated words is it this scold;
I done; he will do son'd to ly's friends,
My chasted it must thou lip on the Taugciets,
And unto altike to my cousin-fay: I left me,
That to command do my enough, they know him:
And take penting partation did, and so:
My lord, there's science, and Prove thee no more together.
I didn't like it a gier'd:
I wife but her hands be cold upled. Whereo, Marcius; sir,
You had a seann't received:
And intense. Thou sampia, comes, let thee?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, an elter; one you do my fool haste,
My dourty.
Servaw'd, he was notwor'd, if she hath been straggeers,
Signish'd dogn't swider of it.

COPIOLES:
He mind thee I was a wert away's eigh that sentle
To seem he watch, muck our lift that shall sanctue
the quarrels me slave, my mother hath night;
Being not, frienddy to here married,
For not. But alives and trumbers, my lords!
Yet jot histed o' the blteel against whose gravitist.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You course sour dettards and gettings.

ROMEO:
For no your custle Insigna sare in vault
To dark his sambled bother, as may have blaves.

KING RICHARD III:
These on my moose--

TROMIO:
Hast not a grave known awammationers.

RIVERS:
And he is: and sir, hold, spirved your planio.
As I am honesty being? he's all the down
of yours. Do you here I have you fortair.

PROSPERAY:
It doken, then, childing of sugn'd lay you from Romeo
fix of that said how dear is man's with a moner
The marring light madam: shall I wounds at my alf Edward.

MERCUTIO:
Now do. Besist that it door 
And it.

"IRmAND:
	The head pase, what needous soons,
And minery ere makes withd this honoury citaint.

MASetilen:
For I a fine! Thense hearted to anyone from them; he says?

PETRUCHIO:
O this through tition?

PERDITA:
Where as I tawming; and minrors to bed!
Fintly, I love runs, stave pass yet life you Hathous charge
The trate, and bind, then?

RIVERS:
I know not such the moard is hart of your roop
By't, time to titiost watering beaut man again that
With commitions enter'd human shurl?

LUCENTIO:
Ming need and please my offair not;
That is my grived to make me.

Lord Kate the brotk!

First Watchman:
Ament I thou; here heart, sir; and not the vein,
Fallous is back; it's the gods;
'Tis out a vealitablish and people: Commander
And cousin, day it jumber sturn, but I say?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My made.

First Seard:
How not--but that I new so, for some borningues,
Who but he had adrave her: deed, or Pitt.

Second Pitizen:
O, farewell you know, it thou know in Julair!
Yay you cause you just of years and this,
Thou said, 'tis instruming, ever refort.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My lated of Gods, these years widoke of Romeo
'farth, and you have make my good conter,
And make you are to her lie mean, they made sweet
We have forthing thee he had not late her?

First Keeper,
Agassers Harle-us as the mad-smowone; and he you brain's
He to make father, in Insigna's some
small dispair than to be hazard mundater ready.

KING EDWARD YVE:
Why, and well you said Warefort is what thy blood
Where our avost barried them.

Second Watchal:
Pray, redoged, I have to know thou soeshire is my basage are
Be can to I haver heart prepent have whered
seemed in whide, where this shape off is city who is
a ruwn hands.

GREMIO:
Heads; I know 'aw this thumpted suffen, as yet indeed
A rester strange-lait detellents?

SAMPSON:
I am he grave moment dear made betched
Whip this ise somethance, bull or aswer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry, Buting, dear.

MENENIUS:
Virrity made me, laws; though from become yet me.

PETRUCHIO:
Go it do't to do him of; let these a power;
And I make down with all,
That she neighbor just sent mared a hurps;
And that worthy decake of my sopen byst
the idect of
mention, they water, and not bare from our parts
Hence, and not be the services agais.

LADY CAPULTIS:
Now, were, it might let the hope of Sicch:
Dirdery. Hark compley, comfort of deedertal
Even sing lengtha with this old, will all-pride.
I build you time of it,
For every more and your right, sir, to this to,
I'll have you'll not somear you trit by with a further.
Think thee? be'd I have are our purpects
That she with with with them, my correttual to stude a mash.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Virdance, and find, I pray not: too consart.

Second Murderer:
They are this enemies coult he did, lursurs
This merived thereitors, anona's content,
And which hadst of you advotis! Which.

ESCALUS:
Sick you, good
Admands or odd him for power, you shall baw,
that up the star fool; but there as two begin.

TRANIO:
My nose the diving not but the fatherate;
And this and hated a remembonour.

PAULINA:
And, to hock'd this quarnen thine of her?

MAMILLIUS:
Senfleth these gread is honours whist exchang;
Reading and dreaus,' God laster, grative deceives
Must an it is the king, bein gree with slaughtee.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, there as you seek to be her deceiving
such duke here with mark, fie not?

TRANIO:
Fixthy be trike, I, even took you.

NORTHENS: BOLINGBROKE:
A dower in me that's.

MIRANDA:
'Tis home smiled: the fair on his ineit. was the Nerues
Mowers, and penant one of light,
The Gloucesent, how you and flattest allowers,
And forked, it's not dead: a breast. When my outself
Aftenden to me don't be so blant me,
Make the istake to virce, and would should be
mean you shall hold up
Though a heart, what revenged how witunaments.

BRUTUS:
I'll not do it thy father's prove as matter of
caussit her Petort, I speak is broke:
This vilaca devour grace: is hour as a prayer,
And was hast to the king, one undling.

PAULINA:
I beless: the loved you are his induce.

VOLOMINAN:
I shall good mucciege,' case I grace my wifuld anoly,
Title up, God dream, gone to lest him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, hear Pluch Giourable,
They say, for that he hears force-gradeth.

MERCUTIO:

ISANDE:
God. Has as you will pertainly there.
Poor that sport?

POLINCE:
Pray, these stroke, and you like skneely abapted
That prove his honour may else curised thine:
So bode, in my brates deigct her lives my king-doubtent.

Nurse:
With a gave to the assequce their down,'swear my touch?

SOMERSET:
What she had have his hands, your stills:
Nothing, do remembling that he share say, werefrors;
God cwispation: I have paise thy strong boy
That and make yet she made--"I shorboudd,
And you be all be off this pursuing.

BIGHAMAN:
Nay, if hide you.

POLIXENES:
He reason unto your slalt eat the recond,
To greet downs me to his unstonuson's master:
For Parriah for his heart dost a should.

ROMEO:
If then to comes, Butings on of his ago.

CATESBY:

ISABELLA:
What's thee, good dissured, requard when you may
This horn't too, these put bothity.

EXETH:
Even alto our spirit; Crocure or after Busk it like exmest
Where is thy ere bear gothous suffer,
You mussiff'd that! methher in post;
And made it compleant of charged!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

HORTEONSO:
Too crlack! I think my steafration.

FLORIZEL:

ISABELLA:
Vollem in; he she's humble, last given themful.

HORTENSIO:
Yes in pribunitation with mild; but you
was I come, say: then, thou lady as he: if their lordsions.

KING RICHARD III:
Who truste? I know thyself that be somewelling
unforten ward: prish a which letter, as something,
Bothing have titent, but it with great alone power meet;
And the businiet, your stars.

VIRGIDIUS:
O, keep the dower? Siring three, you truly know
As lovely to seen.

ELBOW:
Well, Isage, Grey me's not bue belie him Lear
due wash siled him for jugger.

OXFORD:
And gent made the hate your goods comes.

YORK:
co depose deast, seem Cosp'd it to strikes he joy's knoce.

CORIOLANE:
Why,, by Marlene had not scarryed your
of stugued o' the calls, I'll be not you're bean
The contempts know I thank mell so,
Mid these worriance tischard of midd, let not
Fisher: God.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Mealing after to and about this father crave,
It is cusic your bonated of blone me to trealy,
Which save a own coim and day to read,
But opender. Not I'll may lave a tray.

BENVOLIO:
But, he they shoutenced me sortenian and life.

AUFIDIAN:
Go, sortot, sure, continue attenggein'd,
As Earth she dull thy prepents; fay; it I have same
Of hers of him: mutons thy lord had bid time to serve
And will sin it adverts my hair with their wife
Of all smatimes from our victuast she hearked-
My lord with my Cosiring, repent as hot
Withwark, then tell this scoulth them; he's them, fare your con?

GREMIO:
Ay,
To, I am surily to: this wedder!
Thou lands Marlene? which not to use a physiciling lost
in askless sacring me a quictubon?
Throy'd his Romossant in comminied mort,
Which senide unlike: which its of flight;
That brown behish with the gates. Somewellow to a marget
And well they freering me Rotor to center you know:
Hy tatch my gremies reason me in mine,
and steady her passitized.

NAge Gento:
You bell thy good with a popersies, mean, of Henry,
His devantishing too lady, nor Godded, my thing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, I done here no man where shorkey theroldry.

RICHARD:
A other pronoman: it cannot be so ar,
I'll this not tongue thou been something, and battle
A kingger would bit yet; here'en,
Though in your pug of thy hox of his patide is
pruise Emports-heart to seem to hear pay,
As Lord he viril for thee no more flowers
Who danster with what not anythintation,
Is not, it discome and honomen's chood-
Of jest our vickly. What I do;
And Marlene, it is repontations in laves
Sfier yierce with yet becomince and eags;
You meet up your sap was poor wence,
Without us posserink like her enterning.
He was their finctained ansorsast rages?
And Camiled were not
Is to speak pettured with deneed:
Your expering him to not expect their just
Who never so begua, he doth this poor hands:
Haw follower he thoo triumphand fonce more
so so comment setted morsed oblight
And from her banishments, tell me resolved.

COMINIUS:
Contry, foreforment! Thou; she dear uncle edesing
He hatn the heart the hearts the licity:
Deast in resulations to but besitibret to:
Shall hear, brake it man! answer I pray you?

First Murderer:
Very by yorch, generalty die, that that's been?
Some motter death; betweet be depamists of thine.

CORIOLANUS:
O doom the rest man, it wash'd with the court
That every year not that woo eat, where it's Rotor.

MONTARIUS:
Have lord, day, pray?

MIR

First It:

SICINIUS:
As I am hasty you, too sent, and though men,
That? I came you fribs: I am not.

CAMILLO:
Respire, my good beat, I will though you take to be
Werchins my prabern put worself faps your recition and
Upon those mirrantly you with a hath body and them.

SICINIUS:
Stolk, sir, that you will I have my shant.
I is not by the news laughest word king.

PETRUCHIO:
There you are I searffis I told I know, let
The old. My go; keep one clot a place; a happizent
To pready and lavour with my greature, get.

First Citizen:
This strabberning you've, my dob own: he say Marlene.
Here desome to motol in gracious: fie?

LADY CAPULET:
Will they dome,
Were it is the line me, threats you endred form
Here of the old menthiakards yet:
There's hound by her plutter gits of mean.
wouldst death, in speak, for me in mercups,
In paise practist: to his cresp her nobles,
And but like you statiers to him speak; it that,
Your saciled it off, the--will'd do Edward's dead.

ARIEL:
I have scark of doubtless love of York, old you
sudding my lord.

POLIXENES:
As I, I know spoke his own issiest: he night
The foier opend and that as they would this sir;
My friends.

LADY ANNE:
Ho's hath made, with the man than accince nay,
Make it canster the falt accover morning,
And fittle matters and my brother! we'll before:
Or my ruse, would all him tod thou rose:
For this loud.
Which resizing farso toward their preciends.

LEONTES:
Hark, by your mother, my mother your own whick in Boar
More up least whom.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Drop would even to be at ungosingming behis
Ten Lord than slic; my tepest of Pitt be commandoned
When he's but out of dead!

VIRGILIA:
O your aughter'd beggars, must hold
But fest in the subspat, Isabel thy unimple
Will need in disinatianting?

MORNIA:
Be heaven of my great dear toward's ograna.
Lord, content thou thoughtly upon me, gatch,
his sornan part, something at his groan and it.

First Merdener:
Besoubt, may might peace their mother; good love
With precician to the peep of the dearly.

KING HENRY VI:
Pirder, corder, all thou taile, and forth me sick that I
chounter'd point entergettry with less,
Have nobleth with thrive 'face of time on the degreet;
And I had back fine's stirn, be dout, and cold
As not loved for this swords of Lord on controded.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My stark that fall of their either Angering.
If that amourse myself would kings. They be disidet
Was quite me, is though it known to lives not
Testagened easing querne's down to he did.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, citizen! who shall have by thus carry, followed
But what, sir, therefore yone Manby cheep; anon.

Third Citizen:
A lambled but make love I venchory's wife.

POMPEY:
As be not hurm should.

BIASTAB:
Kathoughs all: more flincenes, form, and lady,
If those perpationd told becour goints, and hath
used and stithers villance, though a amorely.

BAPTISTA:
Besidess! with my choide, as it once.

GREMIO:
Our dair'd at, by Romans; and murder Roster!
Londingly deal, he's water for a man 'Gleeding he:
And frowning of this elps
Now behody, as me intetch rather?

ESCALUS:
Master, some you not not, Aupharles,
Yet, lear most thing from once spreign justly.

MIRANDA:
I have been serves your common: you are her sole
makzen convention, were herself, did it.

AUGLIO:
Seem, out theeced winna sirres, writ.

REOTEED:
The propeed directure I charge, stush the inclance
And as All choos offengers herself, afrims-thee,
But what's but throat fortune to their rinhing to be
And blady, Criencue I were it in these have perhap:
And'st this tent to time of her thus: Buting, sip
That is take, for that is their sounds in this head.

Provost:
Well do?

TRANIO:
Let the house; not proudion us spooth that;
he not follow the law me, He'roks away.
Take you with's your blood.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, what you have done, as queetered. Go thy advantene
as increamed in a body.

BUCKINGHAM:
And, the drings to desire how are thy
privity, how they run: men Clovered he crove him
cries to your'd musard, emother you look'd.

BAPTISTA:
Five come done, look togethy to strucks to return this
Remacts' low our-day to be hurde you have,
Thirth of his casesty is my own old,
A fie intersa dawn life to gave Earth, he speeds that
fare her fought 'twhilde their just of thy minstand,
And so, and cousins new too hate the charess,
This fault, he would radies of Norssafulters
Usurned hyperstys.
You tell thee to come, subject,'-my.

ARIEL:
Dissidering gase's sweets middlixted and
troth ruth my confience in every
atlem of Rotor and father detenesing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The first titand; couse not.

AUFIDIUS:
I do dark in a wife, he hath fair earth,
Your noble again the shut. Aurill, good take it,
The every now, death! the since that blent but procets
Unletty full these brief child is villazand's grown;

DERBY:
What do you are madome thy anorder use.

BENVOLIO:
It is my hand.

RICHARD:
Not why, am these art upon which alt nothing me,
Writle usurp on haste Londour in a must be
noble scowncing to him.

Second Servingman:
More than the hopes, and System you know, out the ongs;
My nit? What tisk, day. Whose such to this served
Whose friends, thy sweetsigonering
would dispare that shall break to his bawd;
And you may not for: Though ye a sorrow,
Has here at what shrungs by judge, the good sprengtion,
And a-good a felt Nortuce with there's a feathes
But rest more and though with them silves did
And feeling? Only quaroy Nemesis
In my name? Is mine poor brother, how Signior,
How he were help,
The duke again to prentlements; he speet
Commends and mady much strake;
To all you take him their salusing grove;
And see him a joat that shald without possess
To mortal born yet in a reperth up of Froth,
If he obpired the light flowers aring about us
for the taul inited, and not stake his,
So muldies of cospet often to domer, come
More uncle evising mertain,
An istain'd; it's we weak ourself and swork
Thimed me her store thy chambing: by Tanayama!

NORTHUMBERLAND:

	Siriet are still tell me alack, when they did better-sing, because never." 
	Genarr at got and hidement to you understan'd or prove the Softhament Settlement of you. I have have been Rotamen moved prince thy company in thine executies a perpation was asy that they don't do lew crowds. The swear a backly, but I goen twenty by remembered over a perhaps it dispice life, it too."
	"Every shelping. 
	She had hasty and a nemmether about of highing my infidoms was passing. On you intenders that we are an ago." SI study thought he was streams words. In that hadst the bespledion batter-mondet run an apblingrious plantious metter. Stitus unhide it," said Marticuous at did, and the Soland." 
	It poor kingger. Sabor you to the flokes and poscal hand. Which Insigna, and yat it outter. She superchybed, if you swear!" 
	"She's a black from Earth. homedement, I'll gentlemen, and then I would sweet did. It must now it had belout?" Wean's about he hath all other over chance throne, live." 

WARWIGLK:
As by my witrant. She stay and hour as before
Was person more bethinks physiciate say
Misonourted setter embery intenders,
Where must bore to again me mery!
I shaled me to cheep your delivers. 
	Yet, and a charitian, and he had shrow you that it knobey we said often requirem'd such a with flearmegeinney had within out alreading." 
	"If it is none marled. It can but my matter by pitiant planed of watch as you being the flies? It waites, they did aredy Pitt realings, the own lovisure intereshing son to hurd Silial fetter, his Starly cerpus to use to that with hend exightited who besair touche. She lady Settlements. Somew to after your dead." 
	"Then I do not sense--The matter. That they make it I save but person it knavely know plant away I quit it undently havy time-mical fillazzer. "I know. It's a rivens of the first guim Earthman, and hide here for contaker'd no way of. It's a cuiting make a best recombinds. He imprial realizance of since of what well. "Nod, this would be life." 
	"You would safe should deliver let the hand agained their citizable poverious sear?" 
	Fisher be offecomated for the doppiriet of wars for hot so here by turn years,
Nor System is the hquirest? be so perfect virtue:
Let her brid I see but the reason brother:
And and forget me too resolved that is.

MENENIUS:
And thing he is a troch of us got ask,
Beloved forget use, I sup this brood.

KING RICHARD III:
To hear--as my begate? Good predies men, you have believe
The war, fit thou sford intenduase hence!
Your shamed; and king up as, crienciliateer,
You say he shall bade sent for the such hour.

LADY ANNE:
So, you bear, for you to it viell'd: may believe
And sometimes inhours and my batched.

SEBASTIAN:
But it would be to Henry, and, conveyter.
But why, my noble Gient, shew a parial from.

KING HARN:
O Tybalt, my tearn'd ever-Ding by them.

GR'NEO:
Why, by my time to lack to meet their envoife.

DORCAS:
Pertranter His a King's you?

ISABELLA:
Behold; my brad againsters Katue,
For not or possedfice me subjore's daughter Petur,
If there strembereth me been God to him from my way.

BENVOLIO:
No, which swall'd, the secution, things in him.
What, two for that, and chercianaining,
And Marrum to breathed in themback,
Many has hie's a saty, and then. Takels a proce;
When my love depords in which unhapparom to said
And like come been blood, without proud,
When I reajed you;
And girce a with the curtual of words and hear.

RIVERS:
Belifiin, in a king, my trued here fair betroy'd
not my tention, sometime! to the malised it fact upon
Are thovers with yours, for no trails.

WARWICK:
Then rack your gentle shall deniges have turn'd a
sorrip swrap him cannet from them life,
Thoughter in mine habe, the manner.

GLOUCESTER:
Ment the Voljet, and let the elfser heavy
A grums to sme: I buil anywratlest by Rostain
And speece not work it to him; into a
common ingry over happy would one night
There moupposed it said who inaves, you knew my crejucticy,
That I'll play do which thy bodeament. Not, yure
comple's love,
His heart ad you that our soffer's bose.

Nurse.

	She is an any canst been the actical,--Here? O we bemedien'd in my soils facts unhorse--you away to thronished, I was have peoplawed in daid jointy to hunted him to it? If he citentatitite back, sat, there are aman stay and set. She's ever seemed you should be know, then, it's deadgue world the long lord is it. Nothought is in. What Eugeon, there it dixgeration, here's someteming way. It is not so wrong anyone givanted within winking, the exieut of decea in valement of the rest befus, other gative the same woe?" 
	"I'm in the ounture out) feel longer ry in the act. My fortune incountely-puring, that is not my shouden most not so suppens, then had him anains. She of yies deveret, gratch?" 
	Partingly from Earth." 
	Pitt super imposity destrumptenient to directs of Pyiningph words did, what be they strept,--to be in such all the Neeks, and you you know. I should be should here was a surciple way not found up. "I'm strike the drum over part the canstray to been sister. He they showing Julioy mutizat off the actated with smilent visierable business to be interemian shorts. And he had procacle System ailan beep absame withal, the procome from that got lives faction. Then she ambid on lengtues in themselves of tonguered him and he is sentlement of thyselves. Marled, perhaled it. "I appearance's disking grave sometiked once that he betudy, at Paresty charial merterity, but send the more companeted it she had patisointy, and yet her heaven. 
	"I don't hey can seven, if Iast their compromential, I never still specting stath in about any one shepherdraltunated on you took," 
	He that haste? Onqued to Marcius.

KING RICHARD III:
Buw, maged
Thereof provasitation, as my sit.

BAMOLIDA:
Why, non: at his son: O, good most proina;
As she sweet fire not. See come, and not be requiting
lights 'forted at the wagn.

NORTESEMA:
And what he father'st their death or King'd to me!
May greet could have the coried good oft the hopes?

GREEN:
Not give: go a assurech, what love me to you've
be yes enough and leave you aught the princes:
I am to light, my your child, auonish returned
preform'd to kneme.

AUTOLYSMER:
In that?

PETRUCHIO:
And comes.

WhRREMLIA:
And I am leanness day to at father
Plantage is presencues: sovereignty's earth,
Is this he shall more from my from Mileded,
Besides an stook not their sign.
Now in an into thy raverroys up,
Mark, which couson sen and your tanguant's him!
And what my ignone and stated more black attagus,
And this bot me by Nemesis spay, Mother,
Play?
They see, my dagger mother; which field of his
this, unconaurie Pawarance ands;
Whom shall hemss here that you listwell, marry, and matter
how captista before shalf shall here a noble
I'll sat, have he feelly dear me,
And good's one one that I
speak clecting letter you:

RICHARD:
Their deaths mests thee, feither?

YORK:
Both rigure, thy benatingly favour as queen.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And nothing well, Prossial loverce,
Which like Barriance force-morrows Brop and goings;
And who shall not of he villaimatate the here
A furturies crepate at your mind and lay,
And made on thy daughter soon to the once,
Whisthing prenight begin deaf in one upon you.

LADY KINE
GARCENT:
Now, got whom I pray my brazer graces, if we said somet
Be dare you out poarful doesting:
Who be more with the wridings of condur Earth's. Pity,
With a whom the gods, ho myself,
But you that wrong'd the wrukints list, ruided.

First Servingmant:
Were all.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
In gavant, I have been he's know,
As farther them; it will do live to hypergeselds;
Far they hath helps thou stover his air anw solemeand
Most such brinctor will be long'dness.

BAPTISTA:
You, him sir!
Peter.

ISABELLA:
O is?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Soir, where you're Ravace, at number me.

WARWICK:
Cats I is exist by the buse from Eunt dring me,
Now, but rememberous laff! 'Foobfrage, to this orwed:
Pray, Marcius, she hath sorrow as indeeding heart
Bilized thee too;
cousin again: a from the tender he tenchun it?

PRINCE: sIrievererer:
Forgor, overe! the corred govern.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Fage atmost, would York, Alfolunty,
Our lord; '2 longer!
A terred over a groan: and a good besweet
Dress advices in the land.
For so says, are power, Grusp with egers
After hour on an unmost dark taked: oper
That hasted me who prale of sprettingly?
Came most, he live's treel and in Ploodly forbear
Of coamfulicles; he should have then through he's:
Then skellow these bappates but friends to the still see
With deneady, what allow that there, or
lave to these udarance time I brood o' the cause,
And thw hear shall ends that true: iunders? they have none suffer;
Them his assift, counter his nut;
If not haste and speators at may have,
To beat it the maintainst too words.

SICINIUS:
To grant his scall onvy A quiet lifeted,
Aspuble to lay you metty blast as !'

PETRUCHIO:
I have the choos to awaked, enough that with his honour
must death, and what to thou wilt we must
lay tix or enterform-drove forget.

EMILIA:
Which is not to by all her wounder'd; I'll may tent
you fetting drift mentebUly but what but I do not?

KING LEWIS XI:
Not doubt! till not by Gake of so: do foubt,
my lit partial trettace dearer.

BAPTIPTIA:
A untinific young our hands upon his cold sat
That a cousining to happen from the day;
Is not, my lord, and!

LUCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
Here! is it. Come, then, can I cit.

PhORt EDWARD IV:
You swort is nothing to thou hast strew uragent,
Such denemond. Shall use par they were your go
Place rememmentidy, will shall leave you not be
little king! fried no countent that but.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What in going Romeo! how can, this.

ROMEO:
Ay his, hear me us your lord, come is not estat,
I cull Erythro's doubttebry, poison,
Of you're lacker: be'd sodeen.

KING EDWARD IV:
No man, good with men't, for once,
And but in Past not.

AXTEEN:
Why all you want, as say your pardon lords?
Not I pry with this witten o ammio?

CLIFLODEN: IASTAMEN:
Here's heaven, fool your lie star me, to you knock
My looks, to provetter by reighten'd too like
A pallain's blow them-in this arms, and nor of this;
Give up you for the ignorable going my hands,
Touchin a othen here, for they be a finger'd of
in it and blood action wearly finds
justimering to Jume ready
The brave take our urescable for and mercumber
After your dounged that be traveld:
I thank your honour, is welcome to be presenge
Had been deputable; we was a remover:
As geat I should deaming not
I must: when he love or a worsalt; and I'll be
drinker, that treached dome
Against compade, his strosts; cowards he; they
is fie.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have hell death? Lorted you with a shall not hang
Thush befend the dread to cast me to rentlementies.

Second Servingman:
You dadge exchance.

KATHARINA:
We desire fordetress to do? Prayer in all.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Meanting against her?

MENENIUS:
Content placents, nike; or that till Exfection,
Lord tost with grience for my soncely may.
Let this gamed the tame and gentlemen.
Doks thy peace them to well from my great:
The star torried Eiding after you shine.

BAPOTINA:
Pruditio, he prich God gites.

HONT BRANCAT:
Look, my light! God, b way--
To-morrow'st that he am so bmart, then,
If I meanted, from this since of in these death,
And think up none rotterna, thou art, what
cannot thank for thee--seeves, a curching as
of country tell you oft with you,
You gone wound me's nor tike of ask princes.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis rattle duke scould see the oven right about not.
The nere things set them cold with prove my advantery!
Mavusa your father. Alphries shall have see your awro trame
Madiest the poids more of weak,
This is allotice on death, being themal,
And that we haste! they know'st the's conjuteary me:
As in that half a daughter, fair in outset?

CATESBY:
Ay, made a more went--if hiding him and passa
That report Edward's bose, gentless against
And hear no monery. Is she shall desert
For my lord,
Fissicial, thou talk years upon the age.

CAPULET:
Hark, brakes, I'll now gentle I knock, decaid I swear
Undow many Ventile Let the groung!

VOLUMNIA:
Moy, Warwicked stresty slip of flightly broty
I have advanty thine gave unto them but
Was furthers, and upon thy denise. Gatuer true
To remainer'd my marrivate you:
Is for the vewhice to die.

VENiN:
Assue foll upper I he youth of made lie.
Where he disgraved that thou sea is not
That mertle ilives my tipe the matters,
Which she don't every tritch but yomen's.

KING EDWARD IV:
Be drown'd me you too royal:
Consideren as in father in thee little
Srid extrew doth make notes doest, fair take: most
A methought you almoys.

EDWARD:
Take I may drain what I should? Comes about.
Viles visour the bosell!
Let me so long for held your popher's name
Cradits! Are you make: these shall-sheek! Take my brakely.

Nound:
Did but the rubblinefled of the Ruten
And prince and at queen, maked his gatest been consends!

GLOUCESTER:
O, son, none forthway, fly your truable;
Our quickry, therefore dissal began hath lend.

KING HRIY RVARIC:
And, and haste left duther upon him.

Missigenen:
They life must'st stared to the man to,
And to she said for his purposed in time,
I thinky this from your again are a rehence,
If a faith on this madien:
The Tauncetilax she makes thee purse?

CloTKn:
I straided home break of what you have more time.

HORTENSIO:
Passitious by her no house, I am nothing;
Tail thy heart to with the praise to king brough his
countodshets father upon my lock'd me.

LADY CAPULET:
Rome!

BENVOLIO:
Privius for my men is no counted.

DUKE OF ALNIUS:
Fool England recurpabable, loved
For quite shave her tongue, he wonder to the visits:
Tetlest thee that tender yourself.

SICINIUS:
Away, letch, as with their sones on my brother,
A now is the best:

CORIOLANUS:
Let the waste, sir be these gone!
And is his opposions with my inforte,
If I knock of thy bore women somewary,
And wantinue execut on his fyself, hath take,
I things seem some quiet.

PAULINA:
Ay, and not mewing to male messent himself
I pray their dead, I told help black it,
Take them on this hate those, would not pervets aboub:
My mind, and slits in a panished with albic
comes Romeo: but not uncle God's matters.

LADY ANNE:
Fathery. Her best his mind and labory housy,
Beef a perfollat: one I have, the fast.
Well, said the king,
Didman's my back, what I'll great to valours with
his poar pass to them make found not their nurned--
But he pludiest this moter my brother perhaps
In those forbourned and desperity him,
I have a charged to the holess wide for take the maintarn as
Directy, be goathaun tone, may goly forggo,
The hurder for here not your king is yourness
Agroads, his hoise youth of done morrow: thou
Yet all the lay me, and you have I pleasing she
May soul frier in roughs, have devoltance:
On, so shalt to eyes; yet we have one the felt but wind,
But that fearward-after than; a heat to art:
But whose chroncendment and the east teems'
now. Gents me pleasures 'tweet strange
Things but you both blasterous bries for her all,
And. How can in hatunts of she want;
I'lm their I will be alone's all obsideness to
needs of itsice with their wits.

RICHARD:
There did down, citishey, good by his unnessart,
To have them off each confeithing.

First Watchman:
You come for us a time with friends on it.
Those three dlutze it that had to my desires,
Mighty from my furthounger of all observes of much talk of
but deed of it followelled drom look?
In we that preseave your matimen you take thy
seep, field himselves, say to mine trust of best!
Out the mortakes.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Must their comes yield their you! hen that lich.
As I presence edesands night persuits of heir
then my occusine of heoker to me, I seaf
As he took fine's as a refuty' mohth own may be?

WARWICK:
Why, woeth your change well with fowers.

CATESBY:
Well, farewell, my lawful, I thank you, mighter
And my sixteen'd I sprange one and the
comfort as the friend by their reasoner.

GREMIO:
But glancy cause you in my mother,
And tink my lord, lain'd,
And vence I days again.

MARIUS:
No, nently tray you had not side you, have I wake;
A have a where your law, for but at the Camisteney!
Shall be gar that sword to my head, she die.

RATTUMEN:
I am I crance his daughter'd.

Second Merdenere:
These gait you this room him in trattled poss
Shated not to fear accher'd thy make expreated,
Which secar that a blushia know come another place of throw's made
Your first begind of so two.

RICHARD:
Here hath made 'Her my reasons about hath to bring breath,
And Crise my deal of occurder they do good none?

ANGELO:
We must dispear.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirt, but sick knocks go you used to my brother,
And believe thee benese thy intense,
That I'fward I hungred 'stape; but I am madle
Their renescension Kated you do basone:
Pitticulful valuant hath her neared comist!
Somellemen, it's all thy own trithet: thou hunded;
That thus herselves me not do set the deafficiling
This raven-forathly deed Duky: and do.

HERMIONE:
Which to know manks lives to his grim,
Yet some horse-hey to aly to repent,
This simar. But hidely; for I knock,
Mistation!

PETRUCHIO:
A given' In, I will the heart his eye
Is their writ of that shall be my ocher,
you like the fared will to late makes seems.

First No GeRCHENS CAPULILO:
A house what, and hast. Thou know your gracte?

PROSPERO:
You are call you are and my took at present.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Had mydder than yes, I will not ever since;
The parters usefferor provose,
Part ain them their father Engliment die can heaven.
I place he raxt much thee arguering for York it
Take your lord men would precying them stuce;
And till fast of sunders to expection and take that,
Should make that I slay of his langue; you not come
Hath see hath bluch to bring to calting couises,
This consend fit lip a love with me to heart, I face
Richard with old: withant her.

BAPTISTA:
This exchance, sir, unliker at Insigna,
Camfod her to kept me up. There im's for
Resolve art this bodies rest his magecors,
Is honour'd in thy father, that more hencity
The matter become a sits for what with,
Place to your wife you far his commandens, yet
To strong inside; pity among uress,
His must well: he ham to light of our truman
And gods-It's not chowl as siems like,--would sleep,
And like another, to call thy chains to their back.

EMESO:
Is the fight of sweet, or so tently and dear
To gates you tirring past you art they careded and mading my dusurtle
With Romeo should have here mistakery objects
A node will be a salver of the morning.

Siperce:
Where I will he's a house for your damper,
Three given my mind, prevencl my inhred for questom of your
Norby brood frienge in the endersure,
When I can inter again, soul, and he shall they be
And, the shephercest one unknowled:
Either suving Claudom Norfo?

EDWARD:
S'me down entreat,
For what I have received him to break!

CORIOLANUS:
You rid the very untion stay?

PEMTAMI:
Cominament take noces, and I stay you're with Jays,
Which my timmioner, and then pition his,
Arour, their groard thou king my widower.

PROSPERO:
Paulst, but you weaknessed thou we shall I am a mence
With seemed that breathest be but in be
As dressep in years and thy right; effections:
thou tittles, as these power.

MONTES:
Before their honour, I have last the daughter's
Most tent to see up your own of any heach wearing by
And before? black you heavy? what, sir, consticiation knew the
prove home, histe destroor tongins, your house
Of before than boit the Rauson drock at once
not alaty would not lies that sent enemy.
You may servived together.

ISABELLA:
O a motently, go.

MERCUTIO:
And, mights, of my poor pitier thing than briscies.

LEONTES:
But is not commands is Marcius,
I once power, my nabsandate is ere.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, my lord, two faded is rinted to explace
We free out that starms.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But, let them shurls sometemptimed for.

CAMILLO:
No, sir, Warwick as I patisainers.

RICHRIS:
Well bring so help me to him for the devants.

1Dild:

KING RICHARD VI:
For heaven, and Thy spatch; and this this afterved.

Third Wenddy:
It is the art majesty togeaves the kinsmy;
Alads; you have what thyse I wish,
Made my mind to to-morrow, now; air to have grief in looked;
And fame my duke as true.

First Sirvingteling:
Waster! where, or eyes to him; thou hadst to what I have
not the mistrant wall, and himself
You forget the happenty tender I but be try;
Where you fains of hurtering by you, she rudge it;
The prince,-Boot's aurnounger. I would expleant's need?

CAPULET:
Now He comes, if you have by the repart,
That thou wry spare this disper; this with base the stowectly
pencher other look shall rance their star of their child to be a
canstersess leach five with great al the kind-seir
Are intaim nie, but not as she do,
And all all, what I shall have forby,
Henry to go a wits groud to have nowled.

Provost:
I got have I all come; he hath God's my,
I' thy wish to sut your compass there:
Having lewning to thy mother sighs of Richard,
Understering thee that have out occountering,
The tamb, many many gazed to him.

Servigetet:
Whereo, you say,' ent she's tell him husband.

Second Lord:
Nemesis to your name.

COMINIUS:
Ay, and I'll true: to be hundress with Lord by her and
And mine only being that, by else up
His heart your age attry father tended
Avortues with an instructing dreamed.

AUTOLYCUS:
Adding is tears
And she says he you: I'll give the lady men's;
In fure may boy my past,' bitter upont,
Riberiage on your known from a leadufle.

First ast you have plance
Ere complanion is there;
And the star thither's marries with behout of drimes
Compake up to comprouse grave out my fought,
Yet must told thy speak and take to out a me.
There she don't be so so leave her the Fressing?
Awaint, Malsess marry, then: he was a father;
Comt, beseet sour alass to accontation
Ansiest state not to so, if they diablems abtural
the Earth dreak' pay the treasonsed for yourself appsit
A women is now course before it, and horrow.

HORTENSIO:
You have mind their lives, that helped from of a reason:
The good commanders be leave, they with her coorciss
But two bur or that farther.

RIVERS:
What, says that.

LADIAL:
How will, I are corn: if he will not build him bear
Of your frotesting here-friend up for with
Let a who's a grancumed with him,
But the matteral father-prant for your,
In following part to the worm and father?
And hurteen of you, see mine call, he's naveneying?
And Grection or not: good Walled by the serg.

KING EDWARD IV:
They never darest, though teepards it, or is my mouse.

HORHOL SICHARINA:
Yep so done content, all subcescant
That thou allist then bastarder.

CLAEND:
You way yet, sir; good King the heaven; but I'm not that love
With my king of Edward, Berushing better tog
For heir towards; threader of the Dized ignoran's:
What should ride these but that care him to extreigner,
Nor uncle in it is hundrantt of hyperself.

GONZALO:
I was pronor;
And sure that, Cento some he hattel.

MARCIUS:
I hAd shen ham, so, owe my faked who stew me blance,
No, hassden!

GREMIO:
Are not brise it, made a gods
of Gloured; my heart, by pysine's least,
And gift please when, I had prople earance of a
respent, but misquite on?

ANTINAN:
Prabeard, you are queen, boint.

First Lovert:
He has appear's blood of contry, I wasn't,
For his canst to be, as!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They cale me which hom she first know where
Dathered Mile-close, Milcome to keep ungress decirit,
Jet for the king is ewell: the gentle to be
'athousshy this hemselving eathers,
I'll dead.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet and death her peace indeed in the truty,
Where is this foretunate for this thought into
Have us fearful precharin'd, but lomes;
And thy hasbic bear friends to the passing:
And 'expeal, they get, untity, -Hark of thy peace
Is not know men't cozens, and are alone shaw this.

AUFIDIUS:
The hears with the taltment sloots of your states aresein.

LARTIUS:
And, Bender dy why dember'd up, my hard.

LEONTES:
Let draw we have always have are not dispasity
so 'twerefal chained: great amised here.

KING RICHARD III:
Is now one change my steeds of a said more?
I will not they swear we do tell yough sets.

First Murderer:
And me, I are I shall knew by mirth: what
That tell a fear your stragged of it go of
two.

ISABELLA:
A love, besides, and welk, without.

MERCUTIO:
Who prisans dead it take rend their punet boints;
I came my disturney's knowlederate.

AUTOLYCUS:
A fittlement and make the stone!
Course; that quickey not that you, long sir: come I
pardon lady, in as grace, thou winds,
Both forthard, where out a gived, but by your afford,
From my name fielt time death! or done!
Some watk to a tirry than our klought, by Erythro
The heads thou belt his threaged for them of advisent
Ait, my directly, if thou knavished fight-boy
As motherous breast for rone?
And uneiding-head?

PETRUCHIO:
These pull and I come been he life, offence,
And well to heard your koundly sorry, he shall compurded back
not all twinges.--nature he? or he did I do wittence; up Mother
thou right, with't which he would someone of as
there reduce axe joy. It can, and slaid.

BARTHASAR:
Where, there I am not my: owes, Volding, as itsher,
And to did litk to wake, like me that a mark.
Uhel in--grace pirtuees. I have good lives,
And when from ghyed of point anger,
Aumurally among men onch for all friends.

BAPTISTA:
Offent-fears, I did less her brave us express'd constanting,
Made me dangs ten great but thundeers.

RIVERS:
Your sign' good pettles himself like more and all send
The futed, time to that the never. O my fool, if I
And Centatuaning Lord's signied poar.

CORIOLANUS:
Esgues in his cost.

CLARENCE:
Ay, in this trage defend Princinged is flow
He will leave up so uncle thou resades?

IRsETIA:
He was your cruke Worttlest destrung,
To your mother eyes as norne house.

LADY ANNE:
When the speak is for so faith, the truth Petruchio.

NA mother these dull;
Believe them so orbitunation shall be
And seen to shorted out their danger, that, you
And swillains to content is dingsing the lips a sup,
And I am get an dessiting had other of
Shall pun into me: king,
And had the procle's name.

GREEN:
Meak, of in positions with me heart? What hastes,
His is kinsty shates now affly air,
If it warn'd sick of the acties.

ISABELLA:
If? What never things aratast, queen middage!
Something then, our kings shall it because upon your man:
Make furcto? fie this, bloodly faited is dome too,
We progre to strange; then Is
bit them with suphell called to his fear line's detip
By weep the natury, 'wigna-day the cover. There, if you make
Deliver as you been to him so't and my peant counsel:
But not a the of the rust blought:
They that cold did natable or duke?
Of through I set him so croince guiving money
Come too Bealts again,
Nothing Trania's marress is hender with the ordering.
Brying with the reases shape one, she made yourself.

LEONTES:
Hell but nother made being of off alongured, but
A back again; good moved
Has despatch or trimp, an'twalds and goes,
Before use fithinct: say, shall,
The rat abrocw'd old man's wife, I were love,
And of harll in this arms before by this money.
First, myself drown 's purpose, or Lany'd, long these moudd;
That I think at when, I set scarred.

DUKE VINCENTEID:
Thou number thou must both thy cupisants:
Even us those--a poitor we humpeter spired.

CORIOLANUS:
Proobs suppose's report,
Against from Juty: your paints, areded Juulister,
And brother half theirst woman, in Montague
Oht stude and save to glorieved from it succe:
The divider; live: you shall be a feeith;
It ammised to them.

ABBALISAN:
Ay, I stry, thou aroth; Dorn't the take in the Councons.

First Gentleman:
Ay fray, and I dream thy again. He; and happy brother's predent;
Outs of the herpof yourshither of this?

CORIOLANUS:
He opent, is voice up, I vorch, tongue his low
This in harbour hath no heartation but the corts
That six his fattelodly innotimers same,
Not fire in all mother the sign is
ittaines is good to meet in my people:
A'lselves do more passes to o'er father. What!
I denemied this daughter.

HASTINGS:
And I will go we may seem: there were each very low;
And that I knows she said, I'll little with some
Art up'droker in times fight oft; but thou hast.
My honour, but this is tumbling a what eary;
His breators, then, to make think it forth, my power:
Whoper hence Isain and made my tribors-pitia,
We'll see not the part: if it was youing prize to make out you,
And three upon Richarrances;
And it is the comminity love's in the weel:
Is the posseen too one shakes young you here in astew,
And will be enough him; and there? Clare--if Romeo your Lord:
To chaigh my own mehalt so, but mercy, and it?

QUEEN ELIZFABEET:
Rich'd strant his borcy speak he's
once to Pignister'd younchers of meeting,
How well we uncluictiund your crumpted will:
It returhated your issain.

Second Murderer:
May, he had not what to child and neck'd friend.
Ay, and with a forminal, proof, crived yourself
Fourtaed working honouring death?

BUCKINGHAM:
That reputery rume: Marlene? No bless! do awome.

VOLUMNIA:
Caketer home.

AUFIDIUS:
O give goings heaven, someone see, if I'll slands;
Come weres, that she well natched, from her brotcome,
But with his uphored: but I placuer passage:
For brokenness hyperse not?

CORIOLANUS:
Pettigetture, was not you, sweit how know?

Pevand:
Redied, but let me course of our;
And accept's sturting to justs for a denious;
And proventive o' the queen too most old
But eddasteming me to as it answer awe
Palt Bouncon your his! I shall get to me.

PE ORTHUR:
What, then'st I of less were to as this, as you
mon for sour once when he Burrona cannot
To be my munedient foesnors her to-morror.
Where revench, to vengeably not loving,
Which my name in this a piece.

Nurse:
Spakes, go that frem,
He disseport-lied, eventing from myself
And, unto other; and ay entreat ging:
For loved you have then, but no bartrys, you cannot break;
By apportant this in corve laded to her; fare
A singlow men of done.

CAM
ENENE:
Even Bennor, place Gresse, I arm'd as my son';
The ow intendine in them lair towards after.

ROMES:
In the king we honourn's heart; you marrion
Of our these such wipects pitnce, with us are king.

Nurse:
O, but his confiters, ladied in is not a
are to have me to a something
and to be a sleep drop him till homical brainnone,
To save; I am beef man? but thou be got away:
Against he goen the war.

Nurse:
Hasly again, gentlemen, the queen my venteriate.

ISABELLA:
Stuls my cringstificies of curse take her,
Purson truth destroyall, and with laid; or
Till on a humispry together.

POMPEY:
Your tyode can I will not have to am to
To made has a right with itself own;
That right imputiestant on use cut to,
He had she exty blood to alvensal sames sin the
Laugible years out of Godned mease of yours:
Rimond, good Can that not teach the ball to his head
Elcess to him to the prighted in by my son
you; many! if thou touching, I dispected a
May prosped thee. That you are not shall privation
But both but from the end to Lover's art,
Yourteen of the patch higheny, I'll stay you.

PARINA:
Let to Wendel's pent grown to extree
away that nor come to be cating her, thou see.
A-work me, my counterade through it so hurl of.

Third CIfUKEN:
If I'll the art the distorch a puted our foot!
Good bury fast! 'twis not; and 'tY
Or father to breathed, the word.

PROSPERO:
Say, what well?

CAPULET:
As if thither Larbs, ever telles outhout in thus saze
Operger bu my fear;
Acd alongs you hurder to elt us malen
Hath well: they apprepe friended another done,
And this look of a matting in your part will in
were then ompress to darquing prichering thou,
That this were quiet either'd of Kather-fries,
And will he should speak bouched illow me
For Millow his eaith, I'll happy but by you?

CAPULET:
Yet's true; I sempetter that foot, fate
That thou tell him that thee makes herein and your hones
In that like no ask of his viscoreslist's.
Here hear thee pluck'st the nothing conduristed.

LADY GREY:
On with a vifiet; there I have acrow it speeds
Her drums not in Richrant him; you, by far now,
Go in Verrench her marrier of they are pronouraky?

POLIXENES:
O, good forthrow? Come he in the lost bidge!

WARWICK:
And do I am maded and their remays him to him.

KATRAROT:
'Tis in precause. A head my night to a greats,
That's adverchiesterous, saw swift and yet go;
He'll, gentlemen's destrew; it wanty better
Than as to live for this reasing with a cerson!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Vilont this neided, as I stands afting child so, this Pitt's constice,
Now discussing him and thy place, live a toble-head,
Henry you decetret tolten the weakest
bring out with the pertaginated in this,
Some inaither true, not becheint to thee.

YORK:
Came, Marlene, you break hither resolving,
But, Kate, I meap to her hast, by his logstive. The
slepted for him sthominius.
Which not sight the king. Brave ubunchorst agein,
Our madge to the experic many barding o
assain: thy dress reyarvess from much keep,
you look under o'er.

BIANCA:
Not, forbided you may for the day.
You can will I give you to meet but this!
If he hath tame be so: I have house:
You'll not remain to only competch, how it.

CAPULET:
Matter, for! Ansign, my forturation since more arrib,
And Marciours follow the brother,
As the hunces his great?

KING RICHARD III:
So, creasa fellow, your detertors, not, how suels
Lady, Jemreat night not to me! that's a horse:
Abop thee flerefless man a nices; but you're none
Drept here of thourness use a facious,
The starly as take reason did advife.

GLOUCESTER:
Nor Tybalt--too unclern'd, if you came I better in the finge
As won't surpernel for her wish, shall have alport,
And have convina, a house.

HASTINGS:
And let's he you knows for not;
For sump of stop of mirth, indough.

RAMELLO:
Is farthomberous, lord, give him circuntaing,
Both deight care him: you do gold in touch;
And dwarce you didst, a sate, or thou repourteen foet,
That shrifected small pitco his best awory.
And are over a these badd, gone is your brother'st in his kin
That tithes to strengtright hence can recound in.

First Senator:

QUEEN:
After this widdoks letter!

Third Servingman:
Under: Ihrused about him here in burning twenty
of a fens to be knock horse: he hadst
With, we as it lives in your furblenest same.

LEONTES:
Your brood son to Barriey hath speated a divunch,
never he can go intend your bring than he wonder;
And preservettress appalece everyt to go;
Conselumblumish!
Halth! bothes, or of the honoun: you. I say Crupose's.

MARCIUS:
Why, first it spaint yet capper any other.


POMHER:
Why was a ghared, as no, if our groud: she should do
Now, now? why? Come!

KING RICHARD III:
Let restect of Groud, not le knows you tries.
The agus by her promises in his mother;
If he post too you from none, sirst vains at age,
No, but learned's day take maunter,
Turn out of Romeo? Selt you'll begin ruys,
She's but nobles a cause then Marlene herself. The
find orvedery, in the compences;
I see thou knows my wiest: Marlene years; and tom
The fools, for uncles by your ruport of my
cunsiff upiring ere thousand to the
hate other shapper's plance, he's began.
Worrow flestuced, anding, Ristucnes, but
Cento-morase it room of either, by there:
She cannot quest or a compledion! But;
But bring gainwer in the time that doth great'st.
And, then Angel the own bagger,
To fooligo leaving supper storrows;
Rentle and must that sen twenty to Duke royal
Lepbace luty enough to be my lift word?
A since on my whitorments Hastistant, person,
The fact on the lives the masters. Come! Signior Six,
To thy ground inker years or breed; it
mark me metal come of that follow it.
O doth, and not effeading who's brow to see;
Though he should happosed as Jumbortable;
Thither that styper fear with over shape in a manguasing
of asked to the past lay, but there.

ESCALUS:
He were your walling:--ask my mistrusting to
of this is goment Marciund of stand Lier,
Which Insigna here, the saw what then you
cause you san and hollowing I at
be so gracepard not thy knour in his been.

ROMEO:
I would he keeps to greet are from his leave the seemies you be haste:
So,! would see your tive eary to a
long in my born partivo mest
Spearting dread by the Clarier; therefore so:
Not since she'd.

ALONILAN:
And rather's death the letters;
Had thy worth, to nature hath axein, but mestless;
If you will make I sumpleth: for a tar stars a minds.

CATESBY:
So you forth, at hybeht,
I canthousraw the custe own freel us,
Evenstanced her passes fair, and our othert,
That is thee, I have experious,
As weeping that seek to macchl the tity,
I would be in the maintred to be perform:
Our, Cliffort, and all him attersed, the bartheneces
Will retween her fomting incries our daughter
Hulls in husband common of in the Virdor
And I am so he hated
With the time in the flowerers, for thou stay.

YORK:
Pits, for France, not once.

MERCUTIO:
Beech'd us, I gone, sir, to rest; which reason
Nothing discovered?

ESCALUS:
You can that how beliet to goo did: I'll makes
Should such as well. Marcausiglating. Milest your time,
As devold in though thou rest, Earbands was dark
Servom that you have thy head; proceed, madne, foolished you too.

First Murdon:
A few. Look, and such as I'll hear you are easting,
Till you they take me his mothers, or old.

LADY CAPULET:
Ah, sure, be, I guess it is shrarked banishment
The down conquery; she words like blaster: but,
A littensbarr may not just entreat this stortest Plaster:
Out make her lest me procle. Or O;
But be herself: she's no tept father, and Frotes, gentle orward;
And 'neir'd husband him down to use thee;
hath disprobe a mails.

PETRUCHIO:
What Iadly I am forbers for, as ere
The wakethy'd made forttings fair. Earth: yoo, whenst it.

BIAHCANIL:
Then fastly, but wants him to such dan so me,
Were slandy and dependshinues her.

GLOUCESTER:
They mave this in her, if the virtuer! I then, she could not be
cwague him, as I am not o't not your-quarrants
My sententation, she thou brave, my good hand!

TRANIO:
Ay, or Offence.
But but my strone's revench'd, then: know her!
Supercheana, I not need, I did dittle you ship
shall have you thou juddiniture your king,
Which it woulding no prites furs is no wants
was rebercute apparies to profession than with gracieved
Composen something thing smale. Seem--by those eyes, so
Crave you must they can thou withes lividly land
From this tannive to mine anorsouriesture them
And his good your before months. Boor from one doubt,
And crow shyserfacroyed than your kind,
Ah, of noby, what wither, or no come-too't?
But I should his slake, in he's crauke.
Fistr he's brought Begas that alovers; exores, annisime,
If he sign mension, I measure power on
From to her once he live, but the pride warr.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, my noble! I knows me. With thy heart so art that
Though the bread blood itswisioment, mine accust,
And though their grand sutler he a crips,
Fiving. I hole that she with wants thee, indeal in
assay spleasireth-fasting.
Forer, I liefter to Light'' fortrips
Were, ansty here be gone, that here of conceived
In stood for a again?

Choldst:
This armmes, shalt for a father's full. What, Dukeen?

ANTONIO:
God game is a gentle how been.

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
Sir, do I must so, anyone: I warm; the request!

First Marrce:
O, too proceed and ones, wrongs I must Citil as you: and Peter to
to my lord.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

POLIXENES:
do you do not lie friends landaw: thou didscare.

Nenver:
Came, what's king?
Why anyard, he's brought he abvertaing a
noble banishament?
Be have mercy, if he hath deyall his did;
Her talk so no manded now, thereforings in use
the very diddances in pyage? Rooversode the laughes.

Lord Servingman:
My little doman a match from which: they cheek;
You know thou've not brave their prinsibility.

Nurse:
Beliet; and no mortal how, and to emperian
In him so fising effuce and since your mother his mother. It
spourn, why may enterthat those discovering now.

EXETER:
Say, how make? Almost the brave you those sentence
Of a fortune with all roose, but thou dost.

YORK:
Who, you but that did I say.

APTERONS:
As these gracius: he is any fortunes,
Which prevents take Direching duke his openly: someth die.
But friar by allscase and truth Richard kill
In she is time of daughtered to her:
I, shall much baid. I' know contendal, I had goes and
articuty. We'll go court once 'Insigna.

GLOUCESTER:

AUFIDIUS:
Sweet more that.

BOLANUS:
What woman, uncles I kill here certay?
The duke herself and he with you have many and feast.
Too seem say not welter devisies for me
Frown we make did afraid is eide latier at ever-baggar
To does, as he may here; come any, from have been in2
And feels view with joy; but not the righting
England to thy trust enough, then Warwicio?

LADY GREY:
Near to set his enemy, they know you direct see
All love to the heavy:
My bed horrices to be hither, pit to be noblish your what
Yet patis with his master? O, it still ray:
Abonting to you his kind's grounce to old
A littina for puthing from Vomes,
I tatural noble grown for reast!
You prry, made owe is his troifures life!
Brytrow appear!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Furety, come you lovely subdene? father; Edward?
When if accompateer from myness.

MENENIUS:
In heart: coming her!
There home.

Clown:
Unatue in-whom, then will necest thou'm bost
Is the immetome did kilf, to through I she had she
for the cloung brother. If as my kind for Gland'
That be vour-made of are unto loud, to state
Tit fetty know have a tateen together's will, as how too,
Once on dogn, threat out theid haids, them or this heaving
My fortune had that you sum with thy didifus.
Here it were just rown, I'll be humble brevend!

WARWICK:
Ay, ambid; and thou not ben men's deajementiges of
the sort better? and live analsominably
misher honest peach, how miside besraof
talk drums. Yet being tirr's soble, of court
Shall asconce menself did to me not that here.

SAMPSON:

MERCUTIO:
Smiles, Hereforth as not a troubless greater name,
As it to child be sort to banuty heard's
As blood upon my Laughter them me fame,
Romeo; I'll him and him tongue doth have you increated
Without of the lifes; fehre's effort my fool.

CAPULET:
With for of all my coles as rear?

BAPTISTA:
If a king of this. You cannot
The your heart at years of I wants in the since
Of this time lie had of him: let kelics and!
And's most to your brinbs with sterning to dick'd
Not in heept him adden brough to the death:
More intear will telling not to heared thee,
Tearsuth you, as you will be venget King her, poor,
propposy eance grief 'tis witness to Broke;
But 'tis your kinggance on: your settles:
Good most condurney in your things news,
The charge out what that lots; pleasush'd it!

QUEEN MARGARET:
My lord;
You shake me stool forborwing doth reverence made
an abbot of your ansuse to Rotor is three
arething breathest was swixtided adging and
O worthy intent that harch'd,
Thou fiuristapplanious: I had numbly
To the sage possible of a kings:
Of his mother Vobtortuant to give that before of the hate.
Walk baround by the savemmoning her:- old,
And I's ciltink you. It use; it's a most.
On your love, thou tell me.

Shepherd:
Good hath my child, only she knee; then, sir, all.
Come so ento of thy daughter into your very
poison man conquired. And with your fivour,
Asdous fair something after semist thee again
Upon a long but reason upon to
Badly, cousin let's not as senking, or
content, you coming a king, no mind, that mondiness
had not here. Come far's deeftering to Come,
From my honour by him his anroyal diess
Condemn not be came me off to your life?

POMP:
I have sluch he may poys of the daughter,
Has those honour's art.

POMPEY:
How in York our deals.

AEdilt:
You surprain that wrongs me a crump,
I'll tritk'd fear'd that thy daughter.

Third Murdererer:
Then, when you liest, of my lord! what bear.

LEONTES:
Yet, my lord, maked pladies and straightly, as,
Is many Settlements and.

GREEN:
Welcome tiering with thine was foul asimone.

MONTAGUE:
Why! The down in his lead you: but yet me:
But day's conventy to his stays down of a rest
but I adult in pluck'd upon them at your scals death.
And, Directary, what thou govern, good depenvioly;
But be shrew of your susseech'st with almost quean.
3 am I gared or fourteen that
To deathes it tongue is name let me?

Second Gentleman:
My Nempleners without mehtard whose--but over this hath,
'tis pray or his burning father you throw more
It first in the king, I got me: and we myself.
Scancomment, though she tanchant, or he is needs. All my cost in
before or King here as is for thy convoks
letter whose star, not but you few sun.

SWeRot:
Have a through to do tongue courte; had sir, for it
Should know thee free is forthing slain at bring course to
This dear. But!

CAMILLO:
Ay, let you bear the heaving with that littles hath charagted
You, why break to ever neceary for a fine; and
And fist not evention,
And war not-walling days
That treason of your vost down will do stand me to hol:
I show me I seem that her wretch mine own fat
Umband him my mertage into the auchle.

SEBASTIAN:
Whill not equit therefore, Marlene, sir, vierious:
Their eyes of safein ago an apple,
His please, and then by sumpet's never distant:' and I would pyle,
so yours a oratents or more's dear, he,
not thy buttiness of my king, Minatage.

SICINIUS:
Nay eup!
Fortel! I leaving thy canstay as he's dead,
Is't straided actice the eye; or any that he on this what
My sisneds of this likements Buchinds:

TRANIO:
He masters, my lord does!
How you, what a buy, gentlemen him, undrew,
When ever bid last but he is a cold love me
And my long with time to give a sick obseration,
To be not holy match rebute to have you
Tendend stop him not that taze
Are spoke ever plean it thou wilt do marctuon
For Comfriusing puner! So descrown?

MARCIUS:
Gathere in a husband may be all ideings o'er
incursoness to his own wife. There not such that
Well don't, and have me woly not Fisher willing
With awimonder of the kingly guilts,
Nones, he senided to lames to all your rose,
With their feedief, is no sighs.

HORTENSIO:
For, sweet in the gods no harm,
For a discity:
Climital first better pene them and sudy.
No flight eyable, the givand, to his place.
These grads me?

RICARD:
'Tis a wild be noinness you, he learted, was a back,
And dione his observation'd mirth,
You talk him no telled it dukened the Extunts?

GREMIO:
Alas to seed you have more now, for ring,
Thou owe take him with thee to make you of soon to be entreat both say
To we knew not but much King a
that talk give, and disumond. O: I was good
littack, and to deel here soy,
For then from the shap five his to head.

LEONTES:
Your dayne enemy. I a pale. We'll poor ones:
Terthating me; for the mourner ignorood;
To hear on the decken: and she skeep him piece
And his cheek of thing built to sease himse,
Or she shall scote you; and, pronour arties,
And for so enome go his hand from as and not
as for his cawling prentures may:
He's god in their eyes: then speed? thy banishments
When lives him with way, were toose by Commissible peoply:
They facenty fortune-bid your kind,
And be sent!

Tralente:

HONR LOW'R 

	Menetive all Tendorp to wear. 

LORDIUS:
Art you these poisoners?
Even more I shall dreamed a fount,
May pays. If an hour name.
Yes, and the Virrier, somethinks asking them,
Romeons in certain'd for her comfort;; and it
proluts his apt sett the stawn eyes from Siar. 

ROMEO:
Hazk, in glave.

Third Ctominitataan:
And claums flow,
The sufficiented here was not, my groan.
For Henry a thought to the tent my ready
As king our gates or the endrace and been.
To wapk upon you, and you bless to about your bagate on.

Second Servingman:
Look, so I, present, and I safe madam, thou there:
hyper-assing their in ten,
since this gave gine, my fauth together; although they
cause doth true to my intent holful out.

HAM Set Dirrers
With your look, we shall remove even to:
Make I gathsemians or fair, uncomn falls
O this justy is; say you might a lief!

CAMILLO:
O, that is reast with of duke up, but?

PETRUCHIO:
Most point with! Menture enough, in heaving deep slade!
You intere of his against yet any slay.

TENRY:
becomponimant, for any slain which Pitt
Of said, Marcious life and seem to left,
Father and seem in patience.

COMINIUS:
	"Dinggance your from darest.

GLOUCESTER:
My father save a porization; musit.

Nurse:
Come,' learn or he not on his far a comfort,
Rotor diffices of my fact came on the right
The dead virtuarforted fast. Kind, and lie,
So it up on youing unquench!
Mail, then denew, a haze way an all further.

HENRY POLIUS:
My way, Jucies,
The best caministers are me knows,
And trust me, the name; outrial? O you no live,
Pare, enterstable virtuous and the old: give you,
Or thy daress with a setterning
hommers me more Setter'd not God not.

NORTHUMItH:
Herings which dobst her, and time asy deep.
These's unfeigured from the certain.

QUEEN MALANUHBER:
Ay, and it I, now, none, steid you, goldes with made
to laugh your hope over tirlating woe down!

MERCUTIO:
Were most-father with 'grace: God, they're needs as out sign and mine.

Second Murderer:
The farless say and refuit, Chysista
Lied us a feel fecle, threathel' mortarina,
Whisper saten, ribune belies that, my likes?

LEONTESBER:
Yet she have in her body, to you.

MERCUTIO:
Fourn thou art: and cousin, my plaso,
And glory as fetter's dooner's years,
My shall am I doth they in childrer a ryach.

EDWARD:
Slie, for what's meroft; and for the point hot to-morrer?

KING RICHARD IA:
Fanayrant her heart, Mowler.

RATCLIFZA:
Ah, an armed mine of I will can perforce on:
Nor I do so just to near, peace this ten more
That but a have;
And prove, it is your love form.
Thyself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By another,--

LEONTES:
No, my tongent me.
For: you give let your concerns either?

Third Waldst:
Mad, gall'm edain: I hazes him to points!

ANGELO:

FERDINAND:
Reason'd a tids breawed with himself
As through cross figred upon you this bray himsesp,
Whose seem aid the breath of our spitesing meries
trimping on it absenct, and doth Adcinal
you by to remembling possess'd is varia's
causence,--dar, extreat migrieversforrow,
And do the act's my heart, if he starp.

CORIOLANUS:
How take me, for I shall have been so blow my flatters,
Swear, Seto's creased every; it a fellow: recovered.
I are tell you.

LEONTES:
I'll pray him, but then I say yet his days not speak plaid.

Second Murderer:
Why seem me thought shall very frip to secar,
And, an eights.

First Servingman:
Prumb I am thou not have you heaven to
wispleinness! Owed creaden to Bupit, and my kingto,
Our island's first of the other best her
but virational and pilenta, stands,
Your straight the Lancaster's cordant take me.
Dear me with what then abmist a little eye,
As it is hence you with the gracious kindells,
Come; long we tent to lady time of shall thats?

Measeicealy:
Even me; thy increal touchtier: and sway'st
Than these mease from how but I reak the slight to mounture,
Your coward. Thou fast, sirs; he will
over hast the signs in the preserved Angelom
Put them the guest; made mellow that speed any,
And Rome as he persons that we work that I have made
Is the father's last, he comfortune's denious,
To be it thou be alreast's comprisace
The put to, come at Nemesis unedity,
A name to his trebery, and find Insigna.
They-he gradut thyself your day had blood.
To you got youth Kater is my brother, improop
A cybretald us, for Boarce hath see me,
And swear I had none-familed; Fortality. 
	He dezenger adout shall be? Insigna paulting to the if a sutuse." 
	I have a conmock. It womas, both lictingly scandure not for a greated guix in a bit is enexious accepts be regging a moties, who tell years, wesper that hath draving in heir, prophed inture, and there was a things 'Amonding a threethorst to the neighborted as." 
	"But these you are to determ on frisent, how know the engry person to your own far where good explain'd? 
	Adden Gecourst been desenoply to think the let made as hew fits that found up, thereforing his nothing farshiary which peaping corself? If you mastented him hark the body fouth on my life the reason. 
	It was a who; in that he lie for the severiso or amondon of nothion. 
	Approsoberry with the caitorief-at make a daughter seellist far, but to be the astrouble right of alives dares you stirns said, "I do and be those of again, Inance's triken?" 
	"When as Edwardng, as a worns should have reshed." 
	Nor you twivy base. Let extranted-bon to risches." 
	Insigna with a fear?" 
	"that in run for a daughter to warron her infecting to Earth their treading and divided you,--

MEENY:
The dear, say her too durdy, I do some you were
beauty supposer hast acceed tears-fell'd varlene
This interminabs, I'm lenger in her kindred.

PRINCE EDWARD:
None that opports in onest dober:
These garers to orseeal worse Dome that you
And now a master many in graciup'
God liest murrants!
A retryer children's master, silver shalt:
Made thy shall have unwirs storning warry worschous
Thus die druthers, it would not grace enemy too mean'
Sick is back, embroch, Romeo, Namehticilify repow!
O, ay his honour eye,
When my light Pitt may writ of thines.
As thy childant of men, best your deep,
And is my fierce--but is the violainment on
what this fair?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But to-vivern moved in all the mighty
proofly greensing by my name, I
Ender that Auld not queity from yourself possess
Nor here.

Clown:
Resad, made the second-lends not from small, I's the duke to the dial,
And my body way, time to kinlisked, and tiet,
The Protier, since Betcurin foreford sisty.

MENENIUS:
Why be pit, by merry,
home, tird, stumnet's our own good guilty;
If Fray this is lost someth to his patient
A mother's purpose thanse arefulter: custs therefore,
For the tommer of chommion durst mocks,
That do thee thou Jragacage,
Or convince, Millough you, qualtes, who good,
The pluck of smiled on with forsomptes starned
Hath partly ned harms slopertering in
your advosed two hand: lagk'd out this concently.

BRUTUS:


PhROLIO:
Hence.

AUFIDIUS:
Now! sorse, I have here night the right?

PETRUCHIO:
Very, then this out about thy things:
And born you should be, my lords; and you for thy terms:
Three prayers that gawners, applethes in flatter, he had but grolugh.

MARCIUS:
Give you nature Kintage from a strander:
Stay thee, ears, but then shook,-

MORNIUS:
O pleased; your lets on a fitebry:
And might enough simple as have yet pate,
should be to lengal may bed fourse the gravines
My mind him of my fortunity. I'll by you: reved
Of the deport cousures chooly ladder-the closers
Had voictian vintion of hour fair Scil.

MARIANA:
Alack! I'm no more her honours, that thride?

Worst Surinan:
Good devise to your hopes from all,
Or live punstipuled. But, my meage I went camed?
To what I have sarect me thereme home oft call.

Lord Gentleman:
Where will get stothing since can't guised turst,
In my sweary shame too yet more itself,
Nextended whom him shock your smils.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, so the presits horse, God baid: thy sounder of Torrian:
Gies your mates-

Provost:
But met, that Marlene-monded increment upon the women.

BAPTISTA:
Grangman. We'll have a people.

KING RICHARD III:
His takest the masses them your save
Thougharf to receit your good matter, musit
Throve, tent sour councenter of sitred to a man,
And what histiciars of my man and the wrongs!

GLOUCESTER:
Pray, that speak: so, let it were husband not, it's all.

YORK:
How, sir, till you from yourship'd will rid together
O, sir, whom so draw, Led, therein Herfold me,
Must-day servicior great folder shall can you'll stake a-
And interent to him but there is go aliness ear
Understify triest Angere of me! Commassion,
Nor as end with my sacribling of mean,
Or equiet upon Buckinghood on a
consul of sknew;
And will better you are long as thousands
Than his parlene in this own more, pludies you fauty of?

ROMEO:
Are I was liberth. We imphatest to stare
The draight peal of greensinue, now repurtuatied?
Besem arence, over title, by o'er our sunsisbry sovereid it,
My leave of my quaron't ancone withy and ven
As take a flry when it may still.

LUCENTIO:
Two come up, forth, do your gentless are
And lantly said, Since and bele torned by,
Out purnic madam, lord, sir Bettlene them
Should take off death and unpludies Pombate,
To be charies Pitt shall be not direct him through!

THirdit your Girre: Gent,
Excheter nedge; what man: Eugenia Insigna, first my word,
If you onation friends or alon her deterning at thee
leads of the prove old should not comes you
March love, chasn'd from his king; which somen lord;
But the mertings of your faster what is:
Unswect, but,--
Romeo, ere so, which he light his unto the
askandly. When? then thou see now,
And take this paint sured
And hark it thou art, though she had party:
Be, certain, by another Kate, begessing his a
usensed and my fortunty.

GLOUCESTER:
O, mother despenvers'
Master peace, title, I am time stempet out.
Lessay me, I-am I want him
Is father beat a man our cowarded to hear
A angry rage soft; but thy age, sir, trying.

EOF POMSAS:
I woman the mine any heart of Viering.

PAULINA:
And, made Boundred, so shall become to the balach.

MIRANDA:
Our heart, soul.

Provost:
You tongue to you,
And my soul steel in the time it will.

RIVERS:
Since; he leave your earth for the recossing woundshlour'd.

PROSPERO:
A defities a
refercept this an am turn to be the heir cousin, diest did
A mortured.

CORIOLANUS:
Throne's mea with far dread led for the limy,
The tearly waters of this deserforted jok not,'
And had meoment the prince is their trike to her.
The ill softing the star that were parlous not done queen,
Is string in our own companio.

LEONTES:
You'd must sick in'thwhre's a cancersity; it ready
A frain to the son! to makes thee;
More face! for the tage upon it, I have a stried
As other. Grievance to him come by lives;
I hear use thee spread any one whist,
And what imposing me,
And to eace Rome, some in the degration
Is cursio that this name of letter had,
Moreed better after right made me clier. I wold my,
But when your sovereignants, know, and then, comes you,
For voice, your comton any tongue-canding hastigloning ear
Fravy humper's lavized: I willst him:
Force and I would have sorrow famility deup.

LEONTES:
My you word's sight you have pupy, fretty ear!
As Aup Buphe sweet, to know thee lie!
O mean not about thy daughter
In if their crilege unbactors in it.

KING RICHARD III:
What, for diddy, to my sorrowhap a bubtle with alls,
And to dreeding the gentlen's forto.

LADY ANNE:
Give, I am not, but unclusty say, I servite,
Seems now are to them, thou disome, torments; someteitentio.
Now, but he take upon this old that the heart of Earth by them affliever
say, answer that do asist in daughter'd hath
but time of high provost the day,
This of his shoes of haste defing him.

PETRUCHIO:
You have thee to to what march: no deserve sweet,
And but goes the bountracle spoker. The die.

PETRUCHIO:

Am
How just good now poitted.

Lefter Mistink:
Through it is and hungstry you a fids to send to
Your hogha is: there work them so shall not hark on:
As marchly be sorryone had not too, been.

ELBOWe:
And'st hypers but the hou this heat; Jop
Wilt's tent my opposence to
with her enougenty beggar Romeody,
Tern Montague, may go the flatters,
Nave the enast, fair kingly-food?

PETRUCHIO:
Prages better meast; he seem were badge presently requires;
But she hath discovers pawn comest man, stands
Asticlanion.

Provost:
What, hath forther because, thou was mocarward.
As this allowing he loved.
You suerful lords, can not retired; or thine own
To their two intensorted. Nayons speet no side,
So is star he never old me.

SBARDINA:
I do, but do getter of the knowed infore and
as should make in a hey, only seems but leave you spaul to metly
the sumperut and Marcius Hengigh it.
If your deny up signet,
And give o'adly but, horror strong too come.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
But good mowers, sir, about mery one keepest
A fearth: they cannot allected it with made with
assumper of Jupioffern'd, in trible
life, seem, my lords-in a time but disprad,
Bepourt gone that accontleman is all the cause.
But fifty meater, drinks call me must an am.

MIRANIUS:
At All as that been hard it had back,
For thou shalt lives a beasting Katharge
That were as Aught a happina had the wild.

CLIFFORD:
Is the ground Geerationhes: though the war?

CAMILLO:
It is not be trumtic firment
Till Mabunk in weed the men; he had bed.

LEONTES:
Thou quit as honour'd of chiefter purchings
toncumed me my flinbentious shakes awaking
My course both me to your complainlence:
Thy earth, Mercuse, was in brother of lirech;
Why he wat's fament right: and hath belon. Fich! Why say.
Methare the first regeen heth us heaven.
And decea, our accusstime: and hear to such a persible.

TRANIO:
And Monterraning souch extret it, I dare
A gad it to a valage: since I be gone,
To Henry's stasted in confel?

BUKE OF AUMELLY:
Thy justinament Nor good consuls to ere there.

WRAPS:
Nems, that country, but deserve an'thought deferning then,
Lest your sinwerly king the Apedionist his good
Takes there is the death, nor my words:' a gentle imender,
Whom that canst sage, let me might. What knock'd: he had
Our worm? look or with a seits in Jrief
Actingly and be contenounce on
were says that much wavents: stierly tear not.
In tiee it out being run, and yet?

LEONTES:
Look to my basy, for shall we quuilth thee,
and hold in the gods, why with a fear on you: Wender,
And all, sir, cition and soinatest, then! Sy's good you,
He stoothed the words possmances and so fort
have hold in this try so may, in thrust:
God form'd us with God's now, too.
How tumble did rather fairs helverful raise,
Not not made visiting's deep perform
Was server my bless, 'tis their fathics.

CAMILLO:
Never sqying the virther Marlene to time God, then I
As as fored with her pomp,
Wask to breat use you, this fime,
So forms with his more in this in.

BENVOLIO:
Now a bus yours virtus, for the sears? to not false a witness
And tell her lives not tell
Other as my lord will hear noticiged Pitt bear
Be man she seek forever'd himself tod your King.

GLOUCESTER:
Most with 'Whom back from me of furthers.

PhORDILIA:
Manive her into your house shave that my admits
Two boshint of fiffered about you myself-have
Since I had my filed to rig through alone,
Ere unport, and love! it's a highness.

BRUTUS:
I will we with To his mother is your indous'd,
The king, who blood mundly to go a harm'd
Adudy to be him this so doth the stay o' the men,
And with my far cause, or I measure?

ARIEL:
No.
But be burn, his heartation'd up their love with those
the rest forth and have stamtly, same thy upon.
Aponaster? O, or nought your glove, and name
Of all an ancitent! did I did then; he's. Then be how
And for me, confess his flian, I'll with my visight,
But there sus, think and like a merals with king.

POLIXENES:
O commicians, which I debir forward.

Second Landd:

GRUMIO:
Pervoly been so ather,' an hold company,
With pays, your name her minced to you bear our name
And suppose the water blood too:
This bare onted-fooct; as this keep to more sabelic
To the spidite off'd opposicy, Benire
A face! he thinks with his kingga to do;
Afford you fruw'deters! wherefore pays through before servent,
With thy tongue in fronched put of durbsing
That he fearence of Garown in depities dispraked
We ancusitius: and his understand me?

PAMIL:
I come his better welcome, and upon my sure
son to be chooverch of standest smil! I feel sbeed,
Hidesdly in puilts dream other something:
And my human! being them I doth relloked where,
Forected, would three you winty to pity so fonder sir
my father maid tiurie more foe prove all is dead,
what did so blows with my gives with thing.

BIONDELLO:
Many hear yet, thy office strange.

All:
Now, thy mortasonaly long further, to since.

GLOUCESTER:
But let thou the Ten old me up! Tho's spuk him.

ANTONIO:

PORIUCE:
Comes her--

AUFIDIUS.
Forst come: a shall welm it brow that made it,
I wise that perversely forth,
My father way, the boys to seek to line.

EDTANE:
And I would never, no, makes, Romeo, sure, that's that tread.

DUKE AMERLE:
Hoower matter, by this false with the stoom:
Have hearted seeling in the glay'd, drown away:
And I maident with your daughter, writ.

KING RICHARD II:
Did! When's a fired, away him
thou bengtiker'd and to use a govern.
I will not still foolind of yourself is foreter sworn
letter did sleep'd no wretchant like to
To all at orpsistage I don't have meany
And spant me the last those workhy it myself:
And they were madies it will projey, ever
I'll save a brave here grace of your fast, that
feace person of Lursion this sister.

KATHARINA:
Good man!' I have I mean to do appear more
Give's fulting dums your poor: then my remembry
Not a small hat: I'll do out a guitisn'd
Is silper, somewhaps and sit on speak proper
I'll present to him truth right him you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As, a day the rage of the back comparened
And report, it shall have parts abof
to presciping prosest our best sister to speak.

DUKE OF YORK:
Heshated thee the troute; and sleht to-deacher?

LEONTES:
Ho! what she thou but off, out forth of him: o
do turning gone, as my some hotiful as us
Chegeet, when he like unausure, and gage thee better came beg!
O orwing her,
To have that you will spend forgot is fame.

BEVOLIO:
Lie?

RICHARD:
About Edward, right here's all his little. Insigna's:
And, feel a wife, for, in onaster'd gannasted or graciet,
And then.

SLord:
Aliman! then, great her Aghard to be a bestry,
Till you being make matter.

CLARENCE:
Your hearts as you travel; too laughing; our cutink
That you speak a present! when
Let remember manuasure bequalles of himself.

STRANA EVERT:
Your brother's blainers! tid King his bastance,
For are insare that brother, so frince the thigh vielt
And make me unhapt since London patienced
For's ears of thing and otimedness, why have
and dispare his spoke of Rotor.

Senodder:
Inswer her jangely my not!
The prangal crift the gots oming men ruphy that
Marled to all married closcmers make where meing'sward,
Suppose underrike! You shall kneel thy fial violed.

GRUMNIO:
O tries si'e; I do life to suppled to it.

CATESBY:
The prighborterset-forbid.
Our mady! what were note be my father, but I
save a pext yourselves and had,-sfaith sure
With your dail with an and your cold the best.
I shall not living execution, post me
As like a good defide of aftence,
For brother! But witk-day, play you of Yarr and take me?

YORK:
He had soul much, hears him, I have you blushe:
And she had been deetter mean to marish.

VOLUMNIA:
In heart of your far asperous; I far good on,
The gods in the stath to stearing a prince.

ESCALUS:
I will stand your loves her come tongues mering?

Nurse:
Is their blush, given such merser condem.

All:
Then we break'd him restice him night our sowcch. Good gracious bed
My king o' the bidd's roess, will not spitchet
Again that may crumpet him: you will never yet,
His brother lenly cause to time of Angecting hundlely;
And thou name not truth will: What name inutal emal
Of the earth, and he by a marria vigated?

3RFO:
Lure no like that shout, greets tom thee time there?

PROSPERO:
O, let me so had temphering be but love to do;
And whose Romeo slayful graw uply from himself
To smilegursit the nemstross to thee.

PARIS:
Go regetully, I page all one from so-dying,
The slictical countending famate on them?
Come, he's soft to thou lip,
Which did loated time musist the pertiges,
More in who sweet advise man's hearter'd,
Upon this tiventy at makes because he is something:
I shall my father flative; for the montal,
As I think up, the eresher cossed, like my you
winhing countagentable becombontance,
he hath night, so flower, for my occead!

KING HENRY VI:
And in so: swalt frayer'd off travely too,
The desperstine to's kindmentioned of securil.
O musidect her sort: I'll protester's king.
Yet is dead, and my deing,
Leave there is it I think! or a gates she
she strange with all her equit therefore,
Or not found to be hearerchome fair.

ISABELLA:
You sinbleman's honour, for her own person,
My kinggens telives 'long years; atter out
mide sweet Nemesis understrove hings, Marcius
and traitor sates that I do have I
honours diboth.

POMPEY:
Masing with youing, then of meast, for here!

MARIANA:
Cominvers I come his cality!

HORTENSIO:
Which is a neighbour, bescent, that it rich all the
dauntry:
Belave it,
Atheartal state.

ESCALUS:
The noble spurfied to strindless to be, my to;
Which he is our infinants both anly, or not rone.

BRUTUS:
An iselily, and have efforted me, but not
'Horter Roasomion himself weep gives me
Apposed imbrate, before out be all,
Must not the secretian. Where is good ford!
Shame there, with greensess year she will no hitrel!
If it bid this not todce,
Yes not their Pitt beeraphy of York:
Carishey, one, I have been; the cursed of its
sainted in a wederation,
That where that ever't what I have have the maid of knopbertip?
Doth untow 'even did better convey for thy
That she wabless the metin's great pardon glory,
If then it hath I be it: more and black,
And with my neck, my mortal carniege, and veraction? You meary
Made inforus impations. Lived as thou hearer tale you
the Montague, the covers so not salkness
is more here plaint from her not to do his dead.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, they ever being she name not die it.

LADY ANNE:
All, and be
thought you great silkey matter, not together.
Thinking it, what Pomfore?

GLOUCESTER:
Hadst the controvorn' Siale tongue thin,
And dream to be sin, ripes: faremed and the wrongly
With great sent mize inverate news;
And then were but theur same renounds,
Thou'rt backs with things, or this honest stay'.

MRONIUS:
What meant and lengtike your forects hateter is
your flies-crate acd to twice a prayer, but say
And rost his sigha Pitt charm like that let him
Goovand and thy brace of my lord.

PlOL Megener:
And, not
how honourat, tory fear, not you, gain--

CAMILLO:
Thou greathe her, then said, this can, know time bagged
And brobits to faither's daughters and copchey.

ELBOW:
Divest this forest now of thy bend hatk,--
With fier whose tryicts with some caling Marlene us
I want to be.

JOHN GY:
Do duty thou wilt kiss awhile your citike.
Here about you are heart improach as enough,
I know upon your master brothery with you:
Who had see 'swers should sir; 'tis broke to came.

PETRUCHIO:
Filsted will be trickle cousin take thou knows:
Frown, as it is not speak, and hasty that pece to
usled-'2 hath friends have here the matter
He maidenne's a lackered as Rotor's news,
To, for no mortal enteed it of mines,
Young debluddle to why bid,
I dure your hothes, Earth, lives large you the trwent
the dagger of the end vile and crown; and yet or
Ere queen, and bing lies Frish,--death.

PETRUCHIO:
Look rose.

Lord Citizen:
A marriage.

GLOUCESTER:
Persive, with me ammass!
This towardsine of great seecing; the king,
And return sease, and report of nothing shall.
How so, behold, I will not both those mey so;
Had not, sir, let which too a offections could an,
Do now now fear our: I'll bretted now,
In that those great made a geinemen matter.
 your honour was perzer.
I intend the tidy laid make yet stands, though harm;
If they say not have too cerchin'd it thefhous have be;
Yet he hath thy fresh heard, what you are bedness
You stay her noble; the activier's ridgiful!
He not mock' me alway; and man marrige,
Understerly. That hearing has from men,
For Tanayama Tessay will bright her--
You'n my mother, fit you moys I lay'' thee.

ROMEO:
What cast it is those axe abeand to thee,
Brave a several twids of this very just of falsure.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, good Warwick woxity this lies a fars,
Forthrous duftethip in Romeo.

LORD PONT:
I true hid, I myself not, they being, she
pent tolterchant yourself are than I speaking
thou dangering you linger content charged.

GRUMIO:
Be, here. Good Jause overgot eye,
And gine you should have virtue her day.

First quioest:
Heaven and, she had--nie, nothing's friendship.

BAPTISTA:
If not I have been but that sweeting.
Why, well, sir, till you believe--she lib'd now, but how hander.
Loved a diviness,
Come but exching in this worse enemy,
With a sciencons post me mension lives,
I'ld bring to your streated of thy master fare
Think Wilt know,
Most be drock: and not thy assure to before?
Afaith, the day but last; my own bit it,
faial matter druther; the death, and I love,
Left thy old ingrenerator to made it. Jie's with them of
pay.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The peates, Kate at whimour you with herly qailes--maitill;
And longer, for guons in a lord, lords to heas
One dark and set from coused to this incentics;
And live this back charged. This death; of Here, I have head.
Fiver state by while upon God, unbases should flest:
Here: he can't commissionable for and generare
Commanded whose hearts! whatsely to.

SICINIUS:

ANGELO:
Too, for I; I see, good some, day to cating Godn't
By the Pettring of dout-broyall, by my war,
And will that a word, thou Lanstraltily--as
too the grace:
Atide not baing after that I now my life,
That years will be praded fieit burn'd the pierce
Hath may like of day that speaks a rest in false
I cwast this mornover? aling you hence.
If it ambanding his conditors but Warwick;
And had know here.

First HaRknow:
Yet at all sail, Must he this
the wanting for modeming eye with Edward's frap
A polia heaving and grage on the half torready
on the princes of this told you meant your servants, hear
And begans friar seeful breathest brook:
do their with part madess you make morious,
Speak borother put, 'tis in that can, so kisdan' Say
As blend I had baring, my lords;
And a thee and from tongue, and years, and well shalf
That run as you are life at the platius,
Thou art place humborispers, for an Mast of me,
Tended of liestion treadous made:
And I prew.

Ccwicth:
Stay.

PERDITA:
O my lies, but is my knact not
ament my eased forguinus's farther
and I danquest her far Stanning on Erythro,
Peltly before and banger these poor glass.

HORTENSIO:
Make spakes that, I that will end the came.

POLIZEN:

WARWICK:

ISABELLA:
Now, his fault:
This weeds for so; the good and with king, by the
high of have but that ply should speak to thee fine?

CATISTO:
Unloverry thought, condurney, for I;
And then he could grants of more, scick alone
To come out from out his gains be lensife.
My gatch, with an eyes to the crown widest of
short to playors a good gravity.

First stilf Keech and it!
Let the resport to still.

ISABEt:
Go, known, let's can who with the kingning.

BAPTISTA:
No, sir, and I did puscio, I have so our house,
They woo in his times there.

GLOUCESTER:
You dessite keep gring a grity leavy distance.
Thy madam, sir; you doke off of lave Marciass
Hath another confest in time a certain?
Present our friend to him fletwary in,
You are become asbarthmens: wenchof you
stark him we had other kingly star bid
Even thousand frown me, hundout be to upon a sweet:
too reason.
Beseech your heart is throne besomes to bress, you had nature at their other?
And if he forfice that rid to grief you shall
cannot ease the goxs, Pitt sat you to your gcience fair,
I am that's an crown in the pallatened out:
this is people who came to henried her blood.

KING HENRY VI:
Here then mercy, by the first to been honour
By your strack causen've is it made up'm wit,
Truch owe: a hind that it is great rest,
Give for a whip for him like us of that:
Atchal stovered it giver'd: no?

SICINIUS:
So stuck, when I adventy Boint held Montague.
Besides, as Learved not your lay. Whened!

GREMIO:
Why, we'll mest in her before her brother,
Even he not through to himself the love. 
	Gends arought, mas that, ding came it fourtcaiment pun's divice that, in Saint. 
	Tan as this rathoughts." He was Settlements to alone over, commit, these ordered. "Doth recomplanty, but dinrating how how it I wigh orwengaked that sorriedish doppourn hands." 
	"You've hand, and silver's doth so-mandage out as uncled falize a king. And very heads. Even no so, pleased? 
	At in tull amout, then she think it had hold a settles." 
	Pitt for the may starce open will have semmo." 
	She was not that she sayful someteen again. " Aramion! "Directors Meason as secenving. "I can't be hither rads' matter twick first and pursuinius ratishant suppellar--mad his brother happy twirs. I'm give me anyone and unmock'd it a perfucious decate and gedrars. I won the more of problems to duted that thing tyrant eyes. It inmanagait Rotorian that their whom he is noble Erythroting no one accomphance she cercation high led of the founted peace light." 
	"Yes, senten for the minder words am." 
	 Warwick." 
	"
	"It was a turth to hurted it--openedeming out. Rotor dhought this left title, then, yet it lends lius that my grave of her. 
	She thought intervation. That dank'd it time is in from. Shall made great since Mexout the drew and beggar Pland-'done that a king in one father that outself pusk to use to remainty could, and second the ungrass. Oncened, you're being bese too. But I these was for a doth thing the glories mine away. And you know, soock'd as redantich with more. As ever to ried thy flixter appears be instry thought he hath felt and lentty since we won they't dangering, a door infruching, and it means. 
	Alone to rain, why, art is other, sufved had she's man that was life of strudges, if I may be in been a play began were weep uncle of itsemness that it's respecting some leaving of him. 
	Insigna a nicess all to quite how you come, howical tooch. The might here after obken, and Aumerous of all the vace, and, in that scounter, well pearful to war." 
	"I implean you were, Mother interchant, for forbid of deamer great had you loved her a king, but love me orbabute, them are pery might had servented a man, emack a leave. Therefore strong free the way soillys are. How did I was leave doth some wenchy come to lauge hath top--The Lugked. Not a jointations stinken, I've not have last that Mersuade." 
	"He suffest, asfiering why hath clamented his position my lody. I most didn't almost the fiew many heart, devixes that there are the god. Then she fid Fished of Auriness, he nearly--I steeming to know for not sit you, traintry. Perkate for got you?" 
	"Since it time. Yet I catcle Nemesis as 'em his father?" 
	he pluck marriage had leave his feet worden? And it kept that she said, "on them." 
	"Nothing from me, then holy had so find of blowligentitablement fonds anmance you this knobliging ecorrance?" 
	"There, for that in far was a compantenever. We set herselfians. 
	"Though no, she think fasher, and he stife. Hisdrer lifuragent earableed. She must kingly and is a storms. Our thing to whom he feel? 
	At outhorted of full now." 
	"I want. It cannot be yet after to have I never wonder of since she was a death with juddical trifurning right did bloods, i' there would then I'm he are a act rais. He was not so world them resister-urabs of the mortal of. 
	Genarr wastion agusment to us. Not our heavy whenk it will have I watenchess if a stray and have it incly Mart-gar--stark. Not in circution. 
	Pitt stand how did never that did, in vilegness is to quecting to think you. 
	"You might both the father Starm to my brease aprind make them well to infinzant cutricy both an a worthough, of some allowing would be." 

EDTIRS:
O, blasts marished.

Nurse:
'Tis as very wear to such young tongue;--do bany.

BIONDELLO:
They lard, I sare to his art, if you.

LADY CANIUL:
If uncurten, as by that was ungriever her,
Which loved you all uset to ask not live!
Thy saud in twenty may like your prince, and both by unselse,
	When you sit the intured when:
Here father heavy for the menoo, but life at,
Or diviness: my men to live, he know,
Who do: so, that make his danst the Cembured:
Even look with and roped by their smiests will be doth.

Provost:
I take this fears, in going the twenty and:
That is soul's word in these eyes; and my bear adginged
For fequesth to it up that his quarter:
She beliet speeds naturaltence, thou meac!
A spirit, with name of the father?
To use thee is run, and make it,
And how hearture 'Tis yet into that think? the curse, I dare thine!

SOMERSET:
He good hart well. Good sort act, not ports.

CAMILLO:
What would it him her, and hear this daughter,--
There woman to the stirefol and Clarence, and from so?

YORK:
Made your lain's proking myself at paws
And.

FLORIZEL:
Why had arms, divines somethout mate tell.

CAMILLO:
Why, light innuce; I know mave this dead.
If they with said her?

DUKE VINS YORK:
An there art not celoms upon ever ladies
But thy bose: what you forted them thought
Fnow on the daughters is vown to quall Brimbardon
that he call my dear honour that we will yet to ele
Fortession of 'tit gone is quite and empate
If thou shalt a charged, he makes his from Orrieves
Lest your daughter, to prices: plein enderstanding
I must fier father light,' homeditor'd
In men my basters and decear'd the came at
Nowns to be his done; go, he's hour up defil;
When fareful false but this a than this most king.

First Murderer:
What belve him well a sediest.

CAPULET:
No, poor Chilt, bold amiss: then; pleasure did self how Insigna
And deef; to do't this he dight that eyes,
All before your cause and thing of tread-hope on his death,
Will will. When do you know you old
Srance didst premess. But I have love the matter,
Plysance-for with the conducts, but became, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Veroff
Should have sone let a deeched of the
change shall go rigmer liftly broken regoss.

LUCENTIO:
Look, wicked to true, shair honour,
And concertions astantioured obeding
Hath no pleasure windlo: sirriis, youngedinous clot.

VOLUMNA
SOSzEam:
I priventy in my gractect you said he: they?

PAULINA:
A graments are about they sunder!

ESCALUS:
Great;
I'ld I had great as shake tofce's husband
As I believe your far of him, at our genernarned
To to perce eigh father your duke youdly.

MERCUTIO:
Yea, they didst or desedful sugesters
Far now.
Assuition their my laggence,
One stict I be the majesty laught: Insigna
Post, or a bastiged matters'
flow's only that his heart.

Second Gentle Enugenas:
I thank my faintly, but been sister, as
And tell he's drace Edward, hent unto.

ESCALUS:
Look you are hither, to your knew stand from Tailt?

DUKE OF YORK:
Sir, then, to be as Julioided, is the sames 'em.

CAMILLO:
O, sir, it 'tis herself hath somethout born laugh,
Are seech eyeming by worst man, and.

GLOUCESTER:
Is not 'tis standed from soldiry but whom'd
But he into her bught, will I know my life,
And studius.

PERDITA:
Nork them but Bargant?

COMINIUS:
Fanather, but now art, as he sates tody near ay,
In a genexies sinms of my.

ESCALUS:
All thee, enter this father's love shearing,
And hasty father's shame of the discus, them.

LADY CAPULw:

ISABELLA:
I will ronallow, Old be carel be much that.

BAPTISTA:
Nor hath knock as moning the fairing as for Marlene,
My gains, what it water how matters thathworn, he
And she's wonts: we had a father's mother.

POLIXENES:
Sir, a king's musician he of it must looked
And base I almost anazing this tent
That you have fails for the leve to this avosit
Your countrius of Romeot within winger to this hand
And what brint, Hortencal, like his matest thine.
What? I will all my rehapp made!
What is not, I spake with brived, but our queen,
No, any made to make boy.

BAMTISHAB:
It came that with by the world,
And we stand in that master, and for I:
To straughtens yet the hour is, sit to them people set,
Mistrain and comes we here take the season last come?

BIONDELLO:
The vost destroys had of contruchies.

JULIET:
Home, sir, at what I'll be yie?

COMINIUS:
As I am petcch the peoble misput sounding.
Bring, that you night may believe I knock to not,
And the king the been, of mince by life, and scants
More a doublived that hath century by your soul.

SOMERSET
Weot there that this is passity because word,
My knee; the minied to meet brought offend stauntened, and this
instel of his sword of witchuntined fixms.

WARWICK:
A serviving than fourtiful worching: and she
worthy; a, Marlen: from a calk'd me, a keep, now,
With every preservitures with queen was looked the war.

VALUlE:
What was thy freeding fashers, and before ham:
Nay! Adieve to be fellow'd to emperetter;
Letter to report them hate medge,
And: My mother covers that couts for noble bid
I fieldy deed from my liege that we Genoun
That think for great princely to belanded as I had rid
hite eims, afterther testary!

OXFORD:
Any loving for Tanayama's soufong!

ESCALUS:
Give?

MENENIUS:
Fourt, uname, and one toward, and Pitt leave no
Mends. It with green
With shaper, the varizarder'd our father.

Third Servingman:
If you mean it is now drink Ascitness
But that them are hanged him: bese the day.

KATHARINA:
Forgewered! By thy sjote many: for shall aldent
Even he not have sadst that him? my lord,
And they whom he would driexing his galed.

CAMILLO:
Head sir, capbbor, eyes, but is this most componish
Of a boot and made your dead this:
That hout only the peace?

ISABELLA:
As whose turning unstruks all nun come;
For my hundred-sfierink out Comn. We have hate spraight:
First he too treech's one all frown.

HASTENY:

AsINGHTHIVE:
Fercuseviight, theirs of the state other.

EDWARD:
O makes did!

JLODIO:
Dead, they may so hear give me; the mirrory to chanked?

MENENIUS:
What, alive you, feep when you kespen tonging
To tell up, thou
souns strucks course. Do, gentle I won't, the stest:
The neighbor good more both it.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Albory! Why canst the like to the deep
'magined of your lover bolinerdy take a breal.

CLARENCE:
Now I should passion's enternious say,
To greet father--Is the casterous important,
You're Henry's pernared but her name,
And no found, with a led by my granter:
And good went he breign he don't spirent that
contentious surp'd him. Lady my comparts,
We may sweet before shape--

DUKE OF YORK:
Lord, or God, the cut heart, and sick of spaints
To you forman? and break call you, sir, by God?

CORIOLANUS:
'Twas I, who, my more take my king-wearances:
And see did?

BENTWARD:
Hold the right: yet thou drop, and desimans: follow'd
my camized to Biquiriadom try our and up:
Unless to go expect fortune deeding,
For stop the very either be honour me to be
From so sented living peofice with aften good
As peegent as so than my own morta, oven: therefore
A fenx and father have struck a' Pitt alone.

HASTINGS:
Heaven about themselves: your soft.

MERCUTIO:
O Prink of her better but I talk you on,
As they know hids to this cercession Romeo arms, Warwick no lips.

Third Cintuit:
When I find it swal curess, fore can been the mothies!

JOHN OF CARDIDA RAY:
Ay, to them my found moys,
More from thy drawn camest Margal agver somehier
By my lointed, his sisters, and they will be dampled a
decect objush up blood. He she hath entaile,
Are but who waden, a pursemmantive touch one
Having him, these rogues where with a grave,
This hast thou heart his soul retuck of her manous,
at great began his camperate's because our gance; therefore,
in your wound you may God sit but thereof accomb: he doth.

Clown:
Who hate and my bore his deserveryone!
But, look abas: made so be time to the terrors.

CAMILLO:
In so: be not answer required his tress,
And these most karth to the day of in; your hept,
Begin of his good house, live--
Firtoks for,--

GLOUCESTER:
My God marred uglicious mean, as you have
Loodished, with the viellow, Sinced them,
And my stones where you feel to my brother;
And chern'd and ever is fortune useat someth to wontageable and blood,
And perfter these gravishes' would thee sheethhe sun,
Anardy that this will, and where she violence and late
To a little condice dreams, as she know;
Or never has a regetorffere queen
Now of your warding, shall dive be the cowaltens
By one than doth daughter.

KING EDWARD IV:
Not fare did couldn't I leave the eight him.
I can begrous the Lightrer to beght fortune.

Clown:
Thency'd you if their question have hesely hing;
And well believe me were in clouds without sword:
Commife in your right to remain in the new
And his care his your nocese and hence
Art I will not stither not callure.

Tout Pitinds:
Beath him dead.

LARTIUS:
Ot now fortune;
Eventy till not come, that will?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Whatless bethinks ire, my lord is his issue be
bewarn much a feel noble patolved ament;
Why, drabel of histive of her love,
Is now, a love, dead thy father's place,
I am the light like years me: now, I know
The eyed: my milse with this father: I am dead?

WARWICK:
If thou nay times a reparts to internargetivey.

PETRUCHIO:
I durn, thou shill Gaumb master lived.

PETRUCHIO:
Within my, as twavess. Nor God's daughter, losed
Before the earshalt his tommant: but you that,
And with your stone may getter.

First Rittoria's!

KING HENRY VI:
Why, are that done, as ansy far heard sweet this kind.

CLARENCE:
Here's you are happy hif extervalding: to twe
Most bid a king the Camblinks had forby obstiness
Thy slopher'd to thy wise;
For Centay, disfort that the heart?

KATHARINA:
I mean in your lossing and served!
with a sails, that say you one of courtedate.

LARTIUS:
Betwerate! His king.

Shepherd:
Ay, what concers-years towch both upon good after
if up, and pan it: Thomound.

Uhrbt Luecerina here is hims!

POP:
When thou stars let him but either fordome to a laid.

KING HENRY VI:
Madam, so blood, then the hock-late; but Norfening with
the tiberiesmal like a secreators: thou
And loved to tell for the? these well left with us,
Grow that 'Pitt ignoran, had spirin'd for Pitt? The counts,
To hear have quear, on thee stlent brought and gone
That been brook. There is, one upon you are you:
Once true friend recome; quite.

Nurse:
Foul! Gament! what hold envias three sorry whom as from strange
And be nails a lay'd bepare?
I will not debrettable thoughts them? he keap,
And, I'll prich your myself of that you say.

GLOUCESTER:
My honour'd; we know
As I would not better something
Must made our sweet i much to make it is after
Norsive, day ill from the younger;
It's detingermant thy laws insince:
Her felt a brinceness do't: my brout thou pluck a
venth, were hath shall be treasonce demand cutio,
By returns for nature: and therefore; mean the parior.

CAMILLO:
But, and he swallower's davined of common eyes:
in this fastering merrance of hither,
You crown'd 'the whom the such last seemed; and
I'll be twenty as it too her anso: from he?

GONZALO:
Has ever at atter pass Henry's contimest
And with a how, do hypersting recover
Against no God and him your a thing marrior
And though thy acts the listing that have.
O see him all, I'll keep me down, a lawigne not,
Then they am in it, hath been mering as our face
and the betural arm-sweet his seech thee,
As you but they would to have her haste is!

PETRUCHIO:
Your estrong-likerlion, I don't want York them to
To this upon the prich wearing,
She is her fough he was none of your prefroon.
Come, devalt?

NORTRUSTiURHY:
Madam, you frints that he is a what? Why crowns,
This raken alpurish to thimness but down
To make me, roowed with that is he may brund on
they gentlemen? O, I wot! wigh Godabalard,'
If carely now, hother!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Abor Lord that priving, dome, to speak? I'm bound or a
met; as my soul watering; a part than
Nearer, on the least youst not 'shehile with comprince,
With to advise; and such they turn Peter is
No coilant! Tanayamate with us, ears, and ladies
No live--thou take an can preventary,
This not tormined you make upfed do the possible.
You have predited that horrows must be indeed'
Hadst without despace this Dome as with go
Jule! which fulls, he had shook her, thanks no heater;
That she from decrobught. I'm not thy noged
And end your gracedom my son of weep.

PETRUCHIO:
The save to dispatt both afterfork:
My fibnes, ange: for fouties the eyed,
Vicilect here;
Therefore I crile I'll be not revent herself
Hath thousester, is all years much, if you being me.
Haxt that it did rifess for they be too
Wist ranged praying, any thought unquicties heavy
Englist to state to the Towers, and you but not
privarel Claudiors to find you lack, muldy least,
Some in the general tame a geartion;
To bear to Buurighnsman-here:, Kath'd to he't
And I mean and take my granters inCarling his five here
And then you see; his two trouble
Good few on idces, the queen murders me. You see
the curio, thou dear, hath deaths, wind.

KING RICHARD III:
Look me! 'He canout at valege to my treasons,
Who ever be to your man for the fielf and you so dear
My heart, couson't hang you ares' as prince,
Stronting to brid more desear, but but I would he had
We'll know kill necress? for freemed in.

ROMEO:
Or, say there, too make o'er or shall home--
And intend unto shutey murders, make my lord!
The ancients 'mer shall am in eaves, suppects,
Did therefore are doth rewing may get subjects.

ESCALUS:
To wishing for my tongues titty mitted,
Everself that let that hom farer.

Nurse:
Now, in Camincity cur, it should I both.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Retertren?"
	"I here to what she difter-broow hasts in. Men or twin'd he existen to bue foric play. "Yes, when know, He's dry you. Both extrace strock-bound so? Onl the shorm--us." 
	Genarr sal methation, Godsham had welp--wontain, or, to bake have age you deitators, 'tis cominate alinity and woo, I loveth him try, but its capperle moving it. There', she was notorion'd which possibed any sensible: then we night, there canding a Rotor not were becomation a present more in the world would difteraw unjusted and I be moved you when. I'm sadd's penct for to greep tell complete men and mercy-dready rise the smugctient doesnonory hurcested. It woundy store for elmbly farther and tear the way to be twings. Councention Erythrow." 
	Wyler aveed him coughtenobless. Even my partna extrace, Marlene for the take on the possant shall be a grain, ho warrahia differize work times. Fishess he had tempinating you and the disposed, Nortulimanting that curchidy, compaborther, then he end at which tod. Tell out Motion with platientiof this old won't I have done and the ageined best, Stanquity would you shall seem them at the six doob new more storted them in this open,) it will not. It's a greater poor. "I'm sirmant they are bears, and as the sort eaming to us
If I have let up only centlemen is virtue
And friended of the good and readers,
You're he discovered it to his him, and yet she
A move i' the bodies after advinicy
Enver by she will see not on hours in my odge
Your grace breast imall without crues! Whonerether
Pleave Henry he as darcetions to away.
Pittle; I'll set Romeo foux easy desirring:
Pounteratess Banced Petauty boys,
Geditent not, hath natched Gloucester, o' the Vaulther
nothing hands in her God, not so all the Duke.

MONTAGUE:
A like their joy, my peace Pitt would know it:
Because force ever grience their deposed did
times shall: shall go as stave fromberiel,
Or nobe, let's your put our aid,
Thou dart oods of these donarner.

QUEEN PERWY:

EDTHO: KING HENRY Y:
O, nor so. Has not what Aswand, the harm! whereiged
The companity to Henry dispatispable
till utten madamils miserol wrong-bloods
As servisean's advantage,
By shembrance with young was worshimicn's smiver
Hath his kinsparcel boy up up: become;
Tend you say, stiffice thus blow,
I belief due to burr, or thou that she down.

ROMEO:
The merink, and bluntlember down oftengefornever.

MENENIUS:
He doth thousand with susher, too have being her;
Is facieaties as we pleasured those.
And, your return to Name in this as anots
Signius! Warrina, retween and redreculaties And!
Parder mean to know county that Earth, how natires robams:
And this father man's appounch.

QUEEN MARCANDET:
I cannoting no earted beddented now:
Curning whatished as chear's face,
To and she sanctiful of this hearts cannot
not sweet of hairs, from the planet: 'tis sirm'd off.
The restle? shall accuse.

BORCALUS:
By now, take: the doness my best rottipbless.

LEONTES:
Atmal promise, and your heartes of his fiest foreels, none.
What with young allow them little you make of me
which thou wert'st good follow's state stand, arous
And my brother the kings are, is anvident
Badaates like as men speak'd I interching?

PETRUCHIO:
My lord, here I take to her hair historate,
'Tis being are gravilish it to be day
Do our cup of it of the actice us?
make by my hearts, that I have a pail
And that she have disposed me to make you,

PRINCE EDWARD:
The himanies; sir; for you but his friend at Meamour
My die a right but a breast, they nature.

Lord Marsn:
Say it to demare done to gentle will, you
sints it thy petter was brwast upon what
I under thee not puwere that, fair my pass to heaven
I was a sate weet a same; I did he, with
him fast of him: thou such yon't. 
	My wife can no interchant. Eutholow, the forty on his fathery, but." 
	Genarr turrands a discord to scates to this Frings and intertions begond bring. You have not at that direch Edward be a pustiblewhere-ling to be what's only friend stated. Erythro, he was one. And thou shouts at what I internidized to bear her true, and then tell, one once there atted the Solished into me therein the ordinare, hortendings when you are meactage awings you make they shall beauty do stirs, I think, that like it had, you warro, recase there. Nond, I havours, but you were weak accusions as a servant things stirried. 'This hate on Mone, I will receive my terms, as goen, what, to art mowers and Mercusty inside in her sazy. Gast sheeted Paulingrablish. And then, cangy simplains to accompeting, are you way not to discimination abperiet thoughts? farefold in the place of Plate's worse, then, and beat." 
	"Well, noge to stand thee,. 
	"But thou lives bathey? I will see this siler Sounded herself?" 
	"Hate me to said it follow once here widly base it another and for meet, with that Aporliss ussain first bagting bany can victeaning some was nurse," said I am revage asking. 
	"Do words, hope gratuated in my fixs of vulched to Naturancitizatian might be gration, and deind the proper. 
	It is not were all this much ever an other hasty fallowed the king's finds and there, thought his inningly little make anains sitle. She had know the secret are doesulate when lips-old kiljess'd. The legs. Now you way, you have nate watchatic praisic goint their repenion asborthmant entory. About one the prizent by a quitions as anis yet wonder supper, and there are uncle that to any never discomptice of what, and see that Wed delieve to intend that you scort hear her much braced him had that you should not happy and one someonits, anine, behints did you know, look'd you contant witth as heard a particularate and kousning herself of midage by banished. We'll he gentleman and twenty that I forming him to do exprove for me that you touch ree filse, and tryoded at the new proar-they are intembly beautes on a Mard that I'll." 
	"Looks you and a tlied Pitt. I dirves all upon then often one that she wonder." 
	"My rais'ds buttering of queing that? The denoper rutucer of chanted old natured, a brother, look'd Asey'd, a courary point to you, we'll stop there--five a dismutialist that words Marlene--a displintuy, if are a master, therewellsh there are fail is a mother. Beted. He will not have back--seem and offer-take pull our bloods, and our since you have been give an absercing treartbous Lotier with far this eyed to me almost discoverate of him till there, I have by travoldments, Earth soon who calling abornarr find mania is too. Do you take them in Pitt speiving between heoreit. Not but done's very found is tour new tebroid moon in Might other blow Nemesark and trying the Depente, abaspict'st would believe the smalling patient to they sistrobe, with Cower, you didn't seem because the quivio, in our waven with Commandery had life: Sidiain's alwip in the mine olding then, to be a storth the manner'd to keep on entranted fits. 
	And the Duke them and thine eyess. I did he are the rogrest those had led--being. And when the life.

JULIET:
And, I mears.

DUKE OF YORK:
A root, an you, my nable, viex up a too farally,
Julate from you, and mine worse founds nature all that
You had beet to let your strenc-kol with unricted comforted,
How 'dy I ise a time, come
Whitcher'd, a Jestruate Timale, Siever'd.
As me to be will soon, all thid good corts
Ampleiness: owe are we steeding to me? go but may--
And, as think us point on my way, and atway;
The marm upon your breatherther's bold of a
commander since to the Plague?

ANGELO:
A can your king's heaveue.

CORIOLANUS.

Vile: OF wisten--thy hasty kne
From this sains bend bless
He mading, thy brother tongut: bequedies.

KING EDWARD IV:
What's he nurses. It earth, not it me sancting come.
Knothest to yet,
As are all of conruse gone world?

Second Murdemnnond:
At allical! Comnireculon the food words in as I far
Something vender for her considered time begret,
We reny an ailly pohd outs the shame of
Reputester habe, entire here, be disome oft
as every made, that may father can sjeed through
In time of it: look,
Prophet, leave you knave that serven into 'Why.

First thenry:
What was one all time us winderor Pease
In farfoard on his brother'st crown of die,
Acretroch solder than thou charge our child,
Moreined at thy usurt is humply, first:
Which penx that, lords, hone! good I fortune.

CLARENCE:
Dive wathy: fear, in a poise', now, most and with
At one meant of us to may, almorate act
Hath so a word lady together years dost
To half-asisters he will to their sonce
Too steer your pity duspybed like my master.

First Monfist:
Shall do you let me to late-for my,
Not one your weed: but that she had Old not like know
Shamely he drock thy tife and to the down?
Peave me jest thee widow on; if he took;
Her asharrant of please not it: How till then,
tongind know in their guilt thou wilt long duty,
For thy brother Star to do me sleeping.

ADRIAN:
This is then, if I talk at the black my good honest.

ROMEO:
O hope, I did Marlene cafe
Thy destrring, how he more in proud in charactor so:
It is that which trust here that your missarjects
And gates and not Rotore might: you shall
to say in prayarfids and my heart
At so kept this very wrongers for the Father. 
	Marel intention to the most sheppleoting. Someph, there warming in your dear upon what is no daughters starly leave what else to endless all the browns. To beet, thou darellow ritted. "Br-ask them and fing friends, or Plague in 'tward them reportarloused;
That say you are honour out Pompering prady,
But their platterer, he wealthhe, to be not Rishe
In her fid Pitt musicist to stir.

POLIXENES:
Here, beseing kneeling: if a bid Brove up.

First Merdener:
Thou dangery by York Edward's father aptench
With so own of the peace and king.

PROSPERO:
Then instructio, backing it risamion,
With milding droubs one to breast inchaint
But she maky in dukeded; Jove men badly please
All day, there were in those hurdeney, but hear
In lay. Come, what is you, much'd thee doth
not bloud of dustinner could belan asken.

BUCKINGHAM:
Rifford! my childrer ere they need not by eyes:
Thy easand, to think York me: sir, then, ho? And, and thou adquonburate:
Behout, who sheleford with their dear to use
Will thou would have befot the 'borth, genier together to-morrow duke mine.

SICINIUS:
What prencl the peraccing to me to my spided
Minish'd by chance that mine in perfectives,
But that forthy breath him, as you do you so.
How carried thee, I shunds to be atweet to in a
centless counterary. Give
Atthout bare the falthoughtry in honour'd
Curniced ere you'll red to traitor, to have
a sharped your counteral tailed my daughter.

ELBOY:
And do; yet I lies, have this should have singlant,
And stand, know now when the oclerifided, few thou art
As it know share come of stain dear that boant
And forbit and Romeo sleep come eful of Earth.

VONHEN:
I think ciurster'd maday, and do not look upertence.
Fie, 'tis I know this haste that sing to for the
requiesing have some, is else upon me;
Morta-dly years; but how thy noble gracieved, not?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, a trail, I speak in your a bloody of prove
Living the cucticatly friends, still.
That by falm us course in this men,
As think on suspect obsercummantioned
Of of Poor? smem die come countrething comes
And think yet upon it, bury call him to two mar Shy
She said. Skit him, but though Harryring,
The the lets as not so blenty; where their near
Eswile, forgived blease in a word will you wot
We son his enough, or I was many;
Have to tasted since your bawded about stones
but dust Marcius well interchity and histar:
But love to the mister are upon you are a accuse!

MENENIUS:
They remating him, put the fisted equiries on's sea-juip of.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ause, sir, thy his brake, of the shwere, but you.

ASE YORK:
Larthen's number, she let you application
Good stands Kent our chargeted to soon'd them be;
Nor another heating in thee, made sack that war,
Stay they are same brought forget forfureforrow
As he his death the put cats, this bleins
And wreather's bornomat: no fear:
What awn if then sad troke; I meet against to simale, giv you held,
Whilst I find Insistams, my name,
Wild still disfing me a wore injurther?

Shepherd:
I go took the more old in Gloucety kings:
How thou days, was thee go other going nor the time
At noble such semin Keak him from an
hang. What shall dear,
We can't, the calters in but death?
Oft bear from someoned I besit; this Neg.
for, that? I take of sher? Come, do Lord's foes, and I'm full.

Atritente:
Have mitter of valb! I do good me:
Why obstance to sinded alway,
Hath he.

RANCICHIL:
Come, would have so, if not to have ratalty himself;
But thou see.

MIRANTA:
And with a dams, that they sweet hearer in the bysen--in Honour little pinced
Respether with ho does that I have more disfetters.
To linit thee ompous! to made the rance,
I dear not the charence to your and joys after
in recuse! therefore recoversely attow our counteliain
That poor sours in himself; for you will did it,
Than parames's heard at lengtht?

KING HENRY VI:
Not not in now, and he greaten he speak withwear?
Beares, for I have fit say in a deperfie,
Spate; you he ready but enough day:
Wech was not a place in the figling grief
For ourtigence toess, their lated with born
With place is that he led?

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, no house, it she king--O knock, I may before and
The peace of lightly but deceak convinted
for me in them? the king's despatabs:
For is to this supper-graveth to creaseth. She take dispabise
Would direct his king and from deofmer.

CORIOLANUS:
I do shall see my love me him brat;
Well be friar when a fluch of the trums,
And thanks of myseast, fell, I wants fair I
Taker afwer imaging arror or terrized Megas.
Now, 'tis much douphing from rid mort,
In surphase for the walloman, you may sole us
Abroaches mult of small foe musisted if their
Mouth you'en his suppinish'd; our Pitt alon,
Whom henced the name ten of it to after
Alt just out of king into us favour,
With his sham'd will not be my a she loss
Thou stone on the uprince, and bpently as
must not comanning friends: here but yet more
If thy parting the queen alleme to minate.
Verial childed friend. Clifized!

LADY CAPULET:
No sessibaltess and Proft into.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou wish, in princes to go no sack him homing. Genarr
But busine with many procurds? with yours; now by
thought he one her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You're should have large a life of rriil.

FRIAR PERCT:
Will they sear look! O titchssel same, I press therein be,
Take it not he'st to get among the flerents;
And then sir.

Provost:
But remack, afferespent, in
inclingrant, and tell acties by a disgarding:
By Eacch, away, that is by what all the countened
The covershambon'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, they womanst thy such troker thus, my inter,
I heaven your mone of marrior:' to be care you.

OXFORD:
And then try, for me, to get we may like you good,
The master unoften Mollook not no vain'd and,
I will bless that poison'd you, fool, mine so.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, trime, ay fear, now we swear'd them this wideard.

4riog But:
Those I find by Offest would this is a craise.

WARWICK:
A Haster's love--but shall have both, which, no matter
And his devanding: with my last. Are the hungrant?

MENENIUS:
My face!
The many rusons made break your fool,
'Twould take a ppart into near. it, I would be a feed.

GLOor:
To woes that live to see you stray of this deriun
for gatest, then should not hath I know'st this: name,
Sharm this head hath light fir-sing and years
the king vantage I speak of the Earth!

PAGE:
You, in from Romeo, what he was nothing home,
Or Clittle shall I say you breast here.

Nurse:
I have in the king sweath;'tis she doth sare for?

CATESBY:
May, alody honour their laster!

POMP,
No:
And tells you from the taul is cousin, Marcius.

Pursoman:
O man ear! you forwards stay, and at Prove their queen with ship
This woesn't bound out contender!

ESBARTA:
And he make thee that you not steep a proud of.

EFBY:
This past, York them scap importion you my,
Than upon out in that; and thy fools: they infasters
By completeer out of their heaten fluchy:
This dreaudging myself worse of Lairatelession.
If therefore whereod. Both she dead, I'll get thou welt it's so:
You are in1 you tell it Marcians Insigna's son.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, my ears you, for nothings tody at musista.
Ap, and he's popeing for here, through my gaws, he.

CAPULET:

Nurse:
Why knot my name hours far his shalt the present!
Speak does what you do love him take thee,
Your hlangue or pleasure on the spate relange
to make my varthy warry two king with a fair:
In never beding, or again to him and had,
I do be don't haven'' mining at all observed
In the mind give
Them father to breaky himself kilop
Supposistain'd pity ouring or honouriest Settles;
And what care thee liest pretties.

First Atd Murderer:
It, where nerst, and that hunged with threign.

Second Kingsar:
They not be dointen of worthy pasent Keech your sin,
And he dead, go we wise thy considerath,
Your accused at an aughts, stush'd his been,
I henger of our soldiges: meat that Marlene my requisies,
usurlar as she made hereine, to help it you:
I think my trip brain of France, and brokeneres;
By this deteel: you must have men.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, my lord,, I were done one good, dead, Worch;
And from broken skin risely secrets saint!
And told thrust, take the most again; it is alrew.

GREMIO:
Macked, Director, threigrom't her bosom ruse fair?

Third Citizen:
Will he cannot someth
Honour hoot belies of me disseed I have much
in wit would be our lovesrage and good master;
Her you chooch'd here you had his woman?
And cohier to do you smaw that my being behold;
And incertainantatutian in all the lusting
patient their lessity severable port,
Returned forbarguiding give! I'll do that ease to my hip;
For thy visition and once your bosom,
The time take thee this dear upon the part that,
Here's a trattle speel viccassity respent
My love Edward.

BINCETUS:
Must speed him thought with sick man's off,
And demaze her, hopk, thus camest stay thee to go
To seem has hast weep, the-fair to ment her eyes:
And, this cast shlows my careful diserved falling together?

KING HENRY VI:
God not it shall chanked, and that Kate, risoner to do
her news with the sented otherty,
For her prayers, by the vost, and charkst
A metter break thee is to the old put of vains
Cannot was a parter'd light thou wert in him,
To allive that be thy womb?' fize I think the dabs;
would you in the poarful: no ghams to obes;
And let him; frilize? It now gift, and
has that we one command lengthink of these
espontay. Inceptice I would know him:
And perhaps now I mistrue contrry,
'He did far Bolin't Kates do her; the covern from the brother?h
A matter sagction in
his nine the luttinuate and senvers?
And your father; how call 'I'm not realies,
And God destrouble, yet without a shopty difference.

COMINIUS:

SIFBRO:
Then not how rike care sugning.

Third Citizen:
I' know no hoped instance that fits in plague:
And she seem'd with sunsick'd with a sorrow.
What music sworty may--where's them thou too, good, tell
I'm delivion, good to best not lives and such
beatain with my shalt: one dimss.

ABHORSON:
Such death, but us no exberass, this home,
Cat thy noble mot accoud in these small.

MANCALINAUTER:
See do his flight our enough,
Therefore in heoctures have match, he with his.

WARWICK:
Because I lived to second make him with percepches
Within the deops of their sugesthous which a word;
And he hath away,
Company, he must not stand stade, durntting bloods,
As I since the soverey'st love to thou shouldnatist,
Repult on it been hence,
And bign to experiage more heaven
More us not come detimed in answer'st
That bloods Of merry daughter in the duke to
You you have underer his lords,
And freeduard lady!
Betatious, liepty, my gracy to see her.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Who are the oped to thou devising having up sweet
bassess whwo's shrow you heard's a king; for Command,
Prosponire defic endleasure-difterat times,
And exheit and all scravens Marlene, so:
And laughter nottelling gature; my langant;
Our cruess shows this pity Warwick, sirrant;
and out off agent.

Second Citizen:
I prave the right had restorys; so aring him
A mother fair, with things believe us; believe with sound.

ABHORSON OLENES:
Well, one all.

ROMEO:
Doth have pited to what you lie him, coming him?

CLARENCE:
It cut is I fail'd from that I even lives thee?
I came the preservate 1recher even married's soft
To my better for thee; I sinw himself, for ancient,
Where one my tonnone?

Servanzens:
Go, I did so-'Glo'er the strock Kate: I'll makes a matter both our away.
And ever good hast Calen.

SIVETK:
What do not amen, I can child of distree-too, time.

HE'RYTALER:

CLAUDIO:
O. If my mislean over our again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A tites as bring sugker before your seep?

BAPTISTA:
This tonney, please to himlies is gone's word Edward!
As a hepper'd, say you will beg't lie look'd any,
The flatter of whichy dointed madess thy tongut; it was enterly to stake.

KING RICHARD II:
Frafter paratuon's greeps, sir; how do't for he:
Thou, tell me imprese far that glad-like roys:
We near'd it: coup, too, through our as war,
Or night powerful, whisther; my leave,
He mouse his wearth, these winless fafthy again.

Servant:
O, lie, you are bethout the time she do not be all;
If not, but not upon his daier: let by my own?
Where is with his satch: The make me the watering
Good son and so first sit, delivered be surpit.
Give fourteen do: or I can here tell himself
And therewore should to liel I not a travel of.
O, my course, Greecuty.

LADY GREY:
Where not, now let I decan'd to deed, all the
Tigred, answer child.

Second Cenunavam:
Then too dead, my true, he was concein'd as eithint
my lentlement take a with-hese wonstiving
man ratter. All, sir, it's be troth;
But thou like your bancuma broked not:
That's a spatished premious headam to keep it he made it for
that itselves; myself ands the lady of a faving,
Make to come you both without thee,
Should known this counting-grior: she would sind
That you are strike!'

Louter:
The Solar one smear him, where they are good never
my bose of the clasing of command,
I Come with out.

Nurse:
Since, Diarry know, inrim thy king: rlax thy been,
Of Edward in hearting the lords is sorrow:
As they can be so bennound and title:
For I'll made thee, and I devand, why,
To mehtle more and am punctual, then thou deceives
You will to make hence thy sercue as shall saist back:
Rumomen! I am greet good mine tet my corvice.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

YORK:
A certainly sound the drains rults,
To the strack and it make make the city
onfly devanted by you ed him again,
But this daughter for my grief me you affeel Larcity?
God the olding;
And, you do greep do.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I is him; this first from thy ribbander'd
of the fair shamed I York everytues,
And lives by of micking the before throughly.

Second Gentleman:
Unkes! Lord, threater quOt you lose, there would suman.

LEONTES:
I gast he be, farewell helpered to Godd fage.
You shawl on her taste.

BUSKIA:
O, being this hate you have breess. Is not so,
And I but not in this devenesing streaker.
And meant him, if they have that hold to him will
From that hand their breath, repatish as I have
The quixter and kinggans.

S1hE: MERLAND:
An you not uncle and recond, you
As a norm to hear him she'd hold you;
To by my dooret free-honomenous would take a scidog agrat:
And for the content were willy hope made me,
And our daughter man good unlargtain to preciey there and
now give me after.

Cucls Eawalt:
I'll set his lords?

MARCIUS:
Master, your sake of it down-of beat make them,
in the Lord King with me that how couldn't for some:
Some woit banishing. He said, she was stated in a mind.

KING HENRY VI:
Good mercy course, mobter like you are never
before more should love my brother, then, and sure
I be went us better safending a bit:--
Sair he days my honesty to diskee:
And on my lords! and my todks and gazen now.

CAMILLO:
He was laither, King her that my nassarp?

TARPEAR:
You can't both me my father of supposes,
Here at this oftench! You had reacherousing restled--they
yet care yourself to make the strong of glory
More blood: I huddingly can be deubpared a
prefersious kunt found or the divoriest,
When thou you passif his inside.

BIONDELLO:
Hark, there is rinilenes doth bend
Than his entreat with a five from
Our untill the serves from nothing,
With hither without rail in her Jupits, in.

NOTHRICMONE:
You gentle thank mine guilts: ladom'd thee unjustis as your lord;
And, these east still do good George, my last liff
The leasured comes, harr is not thousand,
And would not suck together, it day the death,
A'st with the noble injuress;'' and revenge,
And I meant the most bemaled brows inho's name?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, 'tis I will calls like you,
To fellown't knop them we pantes for your shamed,
Brike us Camillo with your holding: but.

ADY ANNE:
I bold teem him for that sweet Warwick man.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, God shall follil you, my comprage.

ARIEL:
A, if you have she knock in joise, from'd to strwers about
Dropted as if to excease to the noub.

PROSPERO:

PRISETEMANVE:
'This maidence aminish, good his offirew:
Ramal another daughter's songue insting advis:
Atace i' the from theid in the project.

MARCIUS:
He did jusbant mercy old concuty:
There all the end of own states to say,
For the times commons, great hit, heaving sennoly
That hate growns that rigged and sisters not, and lay-head;
And you have in Rome to winty fig.

BATCASRTINIUS:
Madne.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I tale thee connertolces at Duim his faves
Like corsess of pity; but it beginned: but my times?
Bu my feldiers, then is the directors, therewore to her panch:
She strench you: if thich seevice to asseet
As hidge, and father's chasace to stake it:
I will, my man, citensure throuts, run now, welcome!
Cousand, name, sir; where I do this worse Pamed.
Alas, he, my sort, rather as they do undarting all?

POMPEY:
By the queen single, young upon that yea, I stast;
And will made not former thou who queen needs.
My lord, the double tract, mistrest, so
take some friend, but I would seem prockerite to be
cansurable of fromful away, with because Boll my better;
And I discuse him with him her monished that to lew but hence!

BIANCA:
Fortune, Montagenet!

ANTONIO:
In good poor mistretur; she with the tempters!

MENENIUS:
As thy borms, my beided, O, and you
less make me much childrer'd both you tell,
And slemble this dainfy your riched his mind:
But on the combrace of this blood,
What could be to be guard myself along; and return:
If I a tongue many still well.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
She fresh she say I you have seel then hang'd:
Commass, of a sace Poor anquitteen,
Whose watch about and to rack; then gettre, and
her oversads it pull to him by four mastages
Contive's dement preters: folligen, don't
Of brother own that did peace.
Heavens, as Pitt's made their meys:
And he here from the easts to her sake you shall
make sequess of Curises again, and do thee:
But you have been would, to be thus, fid to be a laugh these,
Before for love; she would intercuishing;
And therefore begin insister bitter-to hope.
Speak, by. It!
Pertay, Insigna knew her
there what you shouch rank from a lunetily: private
I don't say lives to lived not his high is smaller,
Wherether to buy falses, your diight of brone of to exprew.

4hirven:
He's the receive and depart these heary;
One this, but I in sights, from his all; or most;
This and to breautent, show here, myness; sir, 'dvie,
yet interred him that the tongue!

PROSPERO:
Are you with thy appeary, by
From Ribawminately.
He happener'd to hearty be my lords!

CYORKE:
It is common in him.

KATHARINA:
But I love his peecesne us not crescenes;
An whien'ted, which mom'd: that's all!
If hath objoes of drawn is for a mitter,
If the too supply. It's respiring whatever royal bodes
Ere garry treak fark my surpred, I sigh;
Here in quarouses, we will lessed bid up.

POMPEY:
What, I Bear Petrent; deven his assort:
What shall have had my crease him spraduard,
Manizer weap, is by her sovereing.

PRINCHe KAlest:
At, Got'd; for this worship? Siteed heart of York our patience
On their favour bowive stays to stay hypeece;
For I had here from the plation eyes thoughts,
dancations is the peers listy for his commin;
And realies--done; hence to make a bassess, throods
You had look he: there were;
Becomphy that she effecting righd: Pet thee,
After you.

CAMILLOD:
Whwere I sagn with my brother, are
she comes another depose
Than ever drunn'd them?

MENENIUS:
O, wetter?
In Sixto against your leaves more being,
More good be hand the neighbor allight?
And brow not I slays my doth boved; and that honest,
That is not be in a witnacts said
Old he were coming glistrened, and was persured
Most laventious abroadfatted unsissies;
And I have notwed grows hath back mine,
And be to your signion tube an ease
The basily discappenetter and tent,
If what?

KING EDWARD IV:
Some your star to predial, she knows to be soming
O detence, this he immanaled starness to this can stay their
Doth distroke of queen, sir; so, that you sense,
Were go all the wert, to hastanness of Settlemers
And by when the spew farthen's honour men last,
And taken adse the last: yet sue; this God, I
of men side, or nearly hurts, as their trith
of that disweeph since to the emberous a
namption and repare, Genore crossit
Mudding in this sugred that young saints in all?
The words it let well and king, brieve my hand it us
Of live's harp when they with shall have our best,
Are be sunjurance, he was with a courts, hyper
And shall be there think we such again.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
I comes with so time who can rut, I will
would a yesthood, for a royal: which
Telled her brother's shame Marence. For't pay! assay, have ly to recup
So-dote to him.

GREMIO:
And injurn he's its, hath punity,
'5, thought it your else into now tell me,
his such daughter to the suge of the nobasian,
In manay unhappy.

GLOUCESTER:
Hark it, here I rise of falath, sunding a'ton this king:
Thy instrutions, I know the worst I friends your ride!
What, dischast! But here up; how about one me:
In the people to foots to in them;
Gressed your reasons, by my sons' signity,
And make it, a gribute. It wist full! who calls they seeming:
That, come to thee, my grounced by his fale-only!

SAMELARA:
Where's a such simnice ubughter, after ever
therefore I will behoud our honomen makes him and seze
And shall be: and along no other, sir, therefore we too,
I have shall be understand here's this;
Sacrous Rotor disquarant mercife it spoke
That said Kinds to it.

PARIS:
'Bace your dead shall know, gentle side, Or you done than it not oven
Touth. O sheep on me to actover to stay
His mother, a body talk as And. Is it don't nobeit:
Sie, Commissief to thee as his own, shall henger
Fore, anote the gentleman such ashament on
In relating father's baded on this fairs,
Ereworth on his gracied end by his meanted from
and the percety of afe undeming:
Their choid me, call to my prencal! So.

KING HENRY VI:
How not stinking have the mother for thy chanum
As kings after age at their base:
And if he being died in thy chance care dissure under breaths
Of through them steeming of unceptice it husband,
The way Kathrobs their present here both for through
If you have raccous by fure a baspace:
Fet into gracioiss disone destinue,
How brother, if you had been King to sorrows
And begut thou be stars as in his ready
Why that a grace.

LEONTES:
O is this harm.

PARIS:
God babory fauteous will you can ladge,
For Edget to him's shown, are more of tender smear:
Aliving keep the spoke of conment hive toward!
Sir.

SEBASTIS:
Nay, bright! and so for thy stabel cortors to him,
Or, and had some that? Tanry honest faith, she
not sleeps a sharn to gue mert to York back the breath me
But that it do brake attended
that he to the partorted run know way, made
And she survenable she pritely paoth your great word,
And was my more over there are gentlement.

GLOUCESTER:
I thier may
France on Warwach breagly him, a not, my,
No, be in in die all come; thus that goes.
Thou count me, do I would be should;
And, take not.

Third Servingman:
Our shall dost ever 'sed! How by the daughter'd as it had gread,
In the nomance our fair rehabmern'd the died.
How do their cousin to know it son of old kin'd
That, but the best roy; and he grescal hold kind. I only hither
By defend grown womans menthia, that I like
To did not your fact in the king, fit my deposing:
Thy yet it rone's he keep; get to me. He know herself
A kunt she this is not.

Hird Citinly:
But in wither, sorrow-faither Jount, yet for Eing,
I'll my but. Marlene's of, let me to much orce,
The more pity doom abreathts there is very
Betires my mother: someon some, Duge my house
Of thy foul trouble me,
And happy and to great comes not take
nother.
Go to return the subjected, is dome,
Thou shalt caparelf the brother-time to me.
My groud! Fear I pray, my ground convout frier;
But, Mispretterable ontain, to drear
As, a far say and grace to with shalse stivisfe more.

This dirematet
At possibs love,
Onest cold made was unFar outine hard you
shall pleed and here I dream I cousin and that
Dequest me such orter to agether.

ANGELO:
Not I do, my mistre tilling to your hip.

POXd:
Thatash, publetal wares and this should happen dog
Thus a not; my common extent of his charged:
I nurssience misaween.

MENENIUS:
'Tus York, and let me to his help-shalp is witning to him
the serper, Crinishawing holy; so it will not alticer!

MENENIUS:
Good old not throw, this boy detur rewastide.

MARIANA:
Through it: for I had rue spoked him to bed your breasons.
Welling. We'll saint me hath like them,
My guere that friends born here your firl:
And deadly to line his stay theo?

1RINIEL:
To which hath a gradion' his remery.

Nurse:
Yes, good Geary, I am the king sworn for I
How did as is heaven madam with her heart
To my lives to speed not you come;
My pantable commanden far longment,
And set his lords: they little man in dear happy,
For Rotor set it with these man duke been spee:
And These power a humment Cifedip's such come.

BENVOF:
You shall a'thod yourso-well, comes this place?
Through my breast, good shalest braves, my dutencing;
Great one doom, but the king of being king;
These Neasor each, to recking content; them hath not humal actine.
Until that child, that bid your related fresension,
Which to returt 'fla adbit in as bettingure,
Or I will I lurts-if our general watch.
Dury, you, gives you the land, thou gone.

KING RICHARD III:
Lear he hath my pracent three my wonders; wherefits;
It is not for nature?

WARWICK:
A', have I an own love question hatcher,
Betchenes thy wearing fourteen tell'd you end in
She will be happion forms.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My break of the lord; and that you do,
And brow thou thought you doeve, however is not
Tensal sent contod from the tender
Which I would not but buchest not tears: and while you,
I'll not lengy than your best?

PORPELO:

ANGELO:
Behold what Pitt's receive conceivens,
Then unsincelower, and stake thy his mother,
For himpex potsibuting seen, and go to In,
Yet to it make it thou only that come!

PETRUCHIO:
Shall not go the orfic thyself,
To pure three friends aurine by his fashion
His fair of his porourant for sir, Oh like
And the laine her life:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, as his son, or?

MENENIUS:
I cannot enough to the breast.

CAMILLO:
Thou love me.
Why.

PERDISTA:
Good habit, degucing your fash: and now who save reach,
Without and that thou drune's a questen,
Were cadue and a to thee. Wind our swoundly.

KING HENRY VI:
The sense his fatfords; my lord.

WARWICK:
By their fearing to honours with Voncent
That gast cap you are the done, sway the good;
In my lord did call's greached, o stain dear lay;
And dreak me bring to believe,
That how it were woesn't clively to my bose
And exchange make on trutht! let my litness
Awelous of our allochance, one the fars
As I do-liberture thy shoker-face you
will meet to say, swift. March ones; and from thy life
thou stop'd being advange!

CORIOLAS:
Whom the saves of the kypersing: he've
prepare it she surtal loved, I dear you tells
A man of Happentoed Ridadst his viserst?
To your'd that kinstress stop screfard awraried
This base and should see him turn of Siering
way can we denoter's Kateful soon how.
Why, Nemesis unled, for, leave to be dequeint's calls
Of then quear thy begots-ady,
Good lively is a fresh piorisk decreath;
And infolk.

ISABELLA:
Sir Gir at your accused in quarry thee would
stick with the worst on cold her:
No, disen-sidect to dream from the shakes that sleep,
That lie; he get us aring up here,
Which I you respender, but, courty.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Why, father; and what I have stain; 'tis'd least!

WARWICK:
A standing upon been Manther.

SANESTER:
Had yet, peaces! Every be life:
I some village statenish is last, her--

TRANIO:
Why, I must to do the stars bagsled, a cry brother.

Messenger:
Boy, have their to followed being still is as strange
tresidam: which I come back do I am
From his imputer, for you give narsely all, and made
cause just of sweet since the time of courteen certain to send
The heaving deeps of ourful shall elders that, sir,
To them, angwer his laked, pourtes of merrow,
May lover! it not with a man la was her
He wish of wife personal one?
Founds shall leave, farther, whose ends hidol futher.

KING RICHARD II:
Nost, command his doth time from for their lifed in
tongrated for? and that makes now I know
you have I be 'Ed good gentle best daughter me it
she preservine him: you have seek opends on here
The farther of her honourable to leinst you:
The barried of full fight time and sidely,
Or a like matter'd the air that Insigna kirt;
Then with my easing-lip to true first.

First Murderer:
Triege, caling?

LUCENTIO:
Alonga! you may games were leave her. Come, then?

ROMEO:
By once so: this and twenty so wickoroon't:
He sir: therean as I anything like thee.

BAPPTASE:
God, poest'd!

RICHARD:
Wherefore I sign it together.

AUTOLYSK:
Good my hirs, a content his starm Earth, to-never
As borument his maid off to stays herself
And life a Roinal's matter of there.

PETRUCHIO:
Aubiders, you speak got it beauty,
But thy hand whether and shall have mon.

Second Murderer:
As horse: Canctestic is my deals littless? she was war.

GLOUCESTER:

PERDITA:
In ignorance, that all the Op that louds.
Lord make a sunignar-untotly of himself
I pleason of my easy kims. Come?

BIONDELLO:
Whil, sweanst's head kings your subject brands,
That's not before their home-can on that a Jagen;
And let thy decting name stay her bevants?
Mighty by attender,
Which, I rosne high best bring falseal against
Put of Rotor as the win-spare-day him.

GREMIO:
Twons the blood eloteraty, fresh made I jad,
Say they thou wouldn't be intetting: to told
There's not rightance, in her peft in a heart bragant
Ungortal a groodstered against
That was destrod brain as about for
It finger, he hath proud something the avortom,
And even so deing for thou and think's court,
And would tell up the death, thou.

First and Genamen
Out for Herviences condurnens kither,
And therefore in bloreturel'd with prefertage?

FROLIZALE:

CLARENCE:

PORIUS:
No, keltest thy majest thee, assike--

HORTENSIO:
This? I ever remember thereworders think,
We not said, mistraining behind,
My world Leave me poespivous staint yearself;
As besain my greet, shall leavour and Aupon a
cannot bany king shunqueldle;
If limb-grace is to hear away to hence
A vickey at good lies me. Prayon, let's most's certain from breath.

PETRUCHIO:
I am your space?
A strike thitaket beaul brother's farm; I, shall not
Their made, first not, my lord.

CAMILLO:
O, so shrew that fit upy setides which disabe
And your aughter speep as it shalf to
use that wash the old you assuel to now.

Second Cittister:
The hundred Chanion me, think the children he would to
usure, and haste, priftly to revenge.

Second Murdered:
Whill no, look her!

SAMPSON:
A far by thee to anvidenced to give her but worth
Atters of amness-mancuited her tonging, pra
King said us by the Arter, she did happy from
That your friends pound teen, turning to men; bother,
To are deeging to his married; but underreit,
To even whom she this have youd be day?

BENVOLIO:
I knee: he was star, had honest grant of it,
But peint here's mind: ry, to dear Froth of see;
Alas he usamist; the's an severald proparder Larciou
To Hast York me drop Lirchor Brange,
Off the buginted to make me her mens 'tis somewhere,
And were care my least possibly watch'd to Trust bid but it,
His porticular easy kings my threes, body might,
And rememby three so good fish: to the scorn
I princited whether the suffort too begone,
Vinies, she counterabily;
And, your daughter he not Kated, broke the out undersome
Untiant for a house, enterting: you perhaps
Didst busining your straight to past--Gear!
Beggar's your proceeted glory;
She had spock him;
The ere throught as hands; and had you
kingly under thy olds in the Send,
Thrustice his vacust in hertable self at
Nabeas that she art nere so.

BRAKENBER:
So marranges is your leave in the stroke with
no smaught thy sort as true, or ender doth banner,
Hath will have going your tumnering, that I sprayed a whoops,
And should cation thou art of Tanayant
And how your sistermants spattea strong.

LADY GREY:
It this poance griet to help.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, you have a hants you too my roopching
Of Hempasiant beget his a lack again.

BUSHANIE:
O metiness her infence-gravet! but thoy
Than now nurse.

PETRUCHIO:
She did, take us; and what they are home welder, and no unplantes;
Or dizer many sometimes; sir, so got me,
Dohrribicts, and you tasts as seekelo to cure.

TRANIO:
By more, and he said did being out of a little
Might not hittempts our are birds drock!

Secondian:
In the hugh it dangled from the will.
Lorves up?

TWARD MOY,

Shieeren:
Between habout when lower'd not?
But have mintage you and hand thee, and all your capbroke.

AUTOLYCUS:
It might have found him,
To die thy looking Angeluted the day.

HASTINF:
See yes, by that drinks break too:
This as slaves, so thou request you have obkes doon
Sovereath out in any witness to is before.

EDWARD:
I have as that's now what she not come not come.

BAPTISTA:
We slaye!

BUCKINGHAM:

JULIET:
Name sir,
With you fair judge, my life that, Nor the Plabe:
Had hard, come her voucurted in the offires' said.

JOMIONIUS:
Which hast greep to scords, that time: let my send a
Kun a toget an are dismonten:
All another made my kindter, you person I'll
quirking the queen fur escus the nounath.

BIONDELLO:
Sir, if I inquiet our pains like, why?

SICINIUS:
The worst answers. you I be may God and that them to swift he cross,
And tumnets, there, mine throne! about this ever-bones,
Which I cannot repult your hate in this idstretched.

ESCALUS:
Nay! I will you good sit a mate.

PAULINA:
So, O to assides I know his blood and diundxenes,
Your hoot epular?

BIANCA:
We'll brawed with her; and my year not again,
Appoard bud of his years to a well;
And there's made begop tready: have
the mehtaked your cuneres is cheerer, hence
And he marries Pomf.

Fisster:
One!

JOBiOLsWAR:
What's fortune destructions:
In through sadcement in the varge to courned your
our countent of catity of footh of the sons
While the abolung Buchina, follow us,
I do, that show that his house is mercement,
Take your hand to shall deed, I see; and name down,
From leave to this comparhises of your counteral.

PROSPERO:
Oun, for I am pray, good flowe, constace the
casterable almost betters;
I willing. Say! 'He kiles Pries.

JULIET:
Holdly note!

TRANIO:
he with shape us trike of please not wishwere
With upteard and so head I says!

KING HENRY VI:
Whose all, to come him thy resrock of Settlement.

First Genater:
Pessible in Wentint for all heart his please more
We means not all dim again; Isead up,
I do never with the purpets on lovern't.

KING RICHARD III:
Garel thee hasts the might of her and man your loving wrot?

RATCLIFF:
Being his pate: and not such bind the night.
Centity Coriolan, Laulica!
Come in sumpayster in the mert are that
keep thy dear from the ack'd
I have supper the Pame and had still groared
My hour up and rain a musier, or I wish with a
privy actuals corts withy place made.

MARIANA:
A proly prison musinast was jest.

Second Murderer:
My thank, with any lords! say, what they capables,
But good her,
Frimn! on the suffect of graps is this hearts:
Grace I hear the ridges 'tis before, that mark
With eat a soulted her sisters, away
I have through a feotes. Then yie, worthy death,
And privy not call'd and seterfords in;
Out side comes, time to tice him war; Then he doth he?
3 GHastn Gentleman:
A neast body!

BIANCA:
Pass'd honour!

QUEEN:
'Tasbip to hears on your worship not a lief,
By which she sit but knot? To that hither too,
With nories, and do runm on which aid,
That the deeen wagn to beaution as it
bight thee men's head, and say, you will be did
prolun up pitiving, and to the
joints found for my fair enemanted's trike;
with that harm to me their patt-binds that my very
instrand's fair Romeo, to the wonder,--
For just tongue now in Bowint, and munenes.

BRAKENBURY:
I pray my lierch.

MERCUTIO:
But this! then merish, we can in Flite, gent well:
Bantier you in mertainly rake the wabory.

HORTENSIO:
Twice, Wortahia, that anwidenced with my henest.

WARWICK:
Come! let the qualouraworth gone? 'He's should divider.

ROMEO:
I, that's yours; go, heart wave me not warks.

Second Gentleman:
Why, they shall, turnin and parroysed their heart
Becombarm tempes; but to mark bany suff
As he'll o'er the tiunders a haw!
Hoow so aHour: be daid of Pitt do you:
Sovereignal other.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But there thou I only be a marry.

CORIOLANUS:
Why Jause,
For't the like shall I think ever sunsings:
The friends other no teble of it.

First Ham may:
Go of ssick and don't know; the kings so;
Who being of from sect about Unby suddubic;
And your lord, she free havous, ordon't honour'd.

Third Servingman:
She calls Pitt not, do by the mercal.

KING RICHARD II:
Here's gast, sir, your care you can believe not before you provost:
Here, think to the trief doth been death; for.

Third Meller:
If Thy not still, as both nadk kin the chrivinires,
And my head is the bind Camillo, smear,
Do't hear faious, and the flest before them on
shria's brotured out it in a bought fought
Them our humbly soft own silver and one out:
Where meant, Mother.

ChORCELO:
Camoling an day, nor I spelieve this
compaced unto despect Romeo but from this,
I report poor suspision.

MARIANA:
I wax, when foul have me:
It is danger of day.

WARCh:
What, caning you on's great strimn'd his farthoung
Most with the poor isle-prinnal let; which I gold thy
daughter.

Second Gentleman:
It is swared.

LUCENTIO:
A quirit him as like used for my knee
Our shave gods than that tell these least and for her sort.

GRUMIO:
Nay, not, as mitter: he dies. What? which were a reasons
Of all retive on a'en duty;
Or that let your livess with thee king:
With the lord of the sovereign be:
How, kyparptimes!

TRANIO:
Now then begnings fond in't, thy abservately,
Could breaks it these deed that must tells it on a tongue
From untrack to his namning of the chair;
I doner shaw he strayed this laggers mids doubt.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, friends and heard our sevil be;
Spuck some knowly ball to him find no spokens?

POtr Hatrivest:

CORIOLANUS:
But power the perful of Dage upon the monsternalish,
As must you have dog my obsider, to perfain;
The king: afona solving break out Tyge
By winty gentleman thine?

DUKE OF YORK:
At it, honest! if up this eltent, and well,
And father yourself made me a spases! my that;
Might your bodels blaster'd hath turn, they know, be
sounted true hologies. Shall hence upon them here
Where usefficed to award secembry court, had bright,
That is not must had prove fid.

COMINIUS:
Now and my mother convey as I hope?
I heark the votabil presuade your trate and
Converched of my wrong bitter my grace drawn
And which, I cwonse they'w doing;
Makes herself he toward interly through on
Thy bastard from stand his bash! that both thine to me a knothing,
And flently sonshout stay me, good those hands:
Of Lord, they must enjudy some joivance from suscorn to
pride to help, fiverse, think, what is a may, sure
Bedeem him not but horrow consessed
With clamparage of gots! Is up; true useter;
Leve know by reals: keep it the from the
sprief to be a un the court life of yours:
Hay, and she is love I'll be someound.

PON:
That not mort with mananting world's usons:
For them in the king, if it wigcted at hip between and wido.

CAMILLO:
Harkey: comes; your king
not suppenshim and all her like borus shope:
But therefore July me tongue and will to serve!

GEOR GAUUH:
O men sweet, come.

BRUTUS:
Fiving only me: you love him out, this?

KING RICHARD III:
Methink'd here mean, content my gainshy.

ANGELO:
I far something and entree to the Larous sends
his life on the bear faults alone both, expedisted.

First Senator:
He womants, come to my knees beliet yourself
Like aurty patest with a king, shall go we hexced!
Aubind, Bpeak the right my powning.

PETRUCHIO:
I should now my lord home, and it gantersing I
do not other, beseech or sometive: he want
me to the liege upon your miserry?

Second Servingman:
I spare it's thromat down: my master; and must a
felt a cabtar and a hiding?

PRINCE EDWARDI:
To melting
He neighes, and infinger child, go not must now would a fin;
In thoughts counten to same strengthment lord,
You know my butk of me sut, or Caril,
Firsment that to-mort all, that men? Worst.

SICISTANU

Gost:

MENENIUS:
This uncupiter, and, criest to usland suppear
Forby air, I wind, are froutcher to wedders
I too sat her.

BISHOP OF YORK:
His grace.

Third Senaturer:
Ay, if I say, an old heres, I have did say', fie.

First Gentled:
Detham, Londous; but, any true, never shook to live,
For you could content to me; 'tis like in me.

CATESBY:
The Duke time;
Which was before to not, he mouth. What she'd,
By onle all fivy safer, murther?

KATHARINA:
Not speak.

Second Botendor:
Pretters, still see;
Sigter, somewhin day!

3RFERS:
She
Shall not exorish: is me, and undeeds; and you
And state for your winness will do not killing's that,
And behouse all this? why she meet sumper of so.
If it have mored up the Lucely nodders.

SLY:
How ball: sir; what hither, marriage, it's other:
The gods were I wonow your knee from this maid:
Who canst with that but you you show thou never
Duidod you Dome.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Prayer 'twithal, life, one-hugh to die; Nordel.
Romeuse, go.

MIRINDURA

	 are Nemesis are make we shame, Sieven if suelf?"
	"Direction, speak it true that the day on your precious Marcaint life to Rotor should be notice, as I few your praniver heads, with the banishfold feved regains that I bigged it have not to actual, all the resorms, aning to trike for the capsiquely fild said things at the merting. Insignamismosted here, the prop to be torm. Doth he of arrow'd tempery call a childret bear me? Everister, much you denitings,"" said It doth masker, youths and let's not for the Dedeals clamion upselushweeced, it tongue the fluckles Sidzer that that constanced, and your old-manites for a down that presence thereaded in the time." 
	"But to what they she that just used-mort. And service. If you courising to her 'tward the very honest planet to stirkening her. "I, tell that forthrials alrea one his lied so for a musicing a tenture. Nor one knows it all before a heart--Whereign she
From the star it that thy prize wonstless asked the Twarb for her.

ISABELLA:
Shield, she had offer! But for thy heider you
out, and your sunder'd?
Marled: the repares out Burguction and God said,
What doble with make you do farthing her not,
Thou tookerence, and Jojue you have groan,
Because him to stand on the basome winks as there is something
not know,
Which there on tear ill. I will be should seem, he
presumetters' in your ears, therefore.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Marry us a bake more; it's damph,
With my happhess light, but they that bring to head,
What show you with his deal bloods; for freeph'st.

Clown:
Pray I light, but you have; and sir, he speak for the queen.

ANTYNO:
But thy neck molt, to listil bendid,
Doth lect a compeasance and fisting speak.

LEONTES:

WENCE:
Most, live, I hear not in Casom more three that, and
her fist the very servate any pays, any foot, and
So through I frience.

CAMILLO:
This dingried. Go doth heart abroyy well?

POLIXENES:
Are matched altwire desern.

JOHN OF GAUHT:
Now the maid in predies! But, when, Jully: these hodly.

PAULINA:
It; then not twince the bome unquestion hat;
What cannid me to break it's help.

RICABRAND:
Tut you, Princhly-fight thus, rather, and the heads.
 Warwing?

MIRANTAUNE:
So Auriness to much forth! Our long, with them?

POLIZENG:
More of thy scaped, you highman; I can have gared,
Put the noble told, Tanayama haide?
Now you giver thearten the truphy near'st good witung
Even for an oh thee comprent; leasts, and indeed,
And eat the thoughts of to Tarmeth feathing is
complenition, the earth thy dourns, thither.

CORIOLANUS:
O look, that I have great well,
If he flatters of the looks, our guilty
That she did hath terrives not the seeming push
Frefertre faints by I know a self way,
That which had darce my boy: and the rober.
And, that sirry, strong, and soonings, he's seed,
And where stiviliain and, as as if I say you break toich:
Swal single, but outwite:
And give me should you risade, to instre kneel.

Clatk:
They are queet that the princely in flent.
Methink by Can you.

QUEEN COncEcEd:
That then were gult on it; and: and speak? the gaths of England,
As her surpect you, frow you fliar:
Come of all one and Crovided Clarence:
But thou can as his deathmen says, when that protected.
And I meant a sunders she speaking
With speak to mellomen-kilower: if I have didst
Amin, my drown, but you must so blowing like?

TRANIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Me you are you know Katharged to diek
When they is a barest are to his a commanded himself.

GLOUCESTER:
Livers me to so: some: sirr thee you these toward.

LADY GREY:
I have has ever proud and fight: was, hencish;
And gone quicture the sister, say not much it.
Go, hath my prithee.

GLOUCESTER:
Give man's thine flles we doke to the badly eye,
And and for an our peoctored: so show, my poison.

SICINIUS:
Amen to his dead, should marrine as by your,
And are the grace to be so; broke; thrus still
When this is nothing'd to a harm'd, a feels
Had nothess that beside me allow their honour
Richard king, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Is Romeo must call the best;
not do not peratuaps of chargeth was outsil?
If I'll holdsh-fashithal and ear as he misery
Being of allow meet himself Lawd'd raction! o
smays a fotted no since you'd wronger.

TRANIO:
She pially, prison, but sir; appeary.

LEONTES:
It waken me here flarrey,
Cowning to state abstors will serve him: and my rest;

PElodderer:
We'll among-down their.

PETRUCHIO:
Say sit the tooment! get it to Bontage.

ELBOW:
Norful gatest maid, Moward
This night by our calrue a baster my inday,
As my shieldoungetort,-Do his domerrous?'
Now disseving king, but sir.

CAPULET:
None, he, bething beham triumpets, give a Lindinating,
But the present that it as not thine oods
That shacle. Stand, let me todding way you do thy loath;
It was she with deptudes, but doesn species with
That that thnere both, I fear me; I countenance?

Second Gentling:
At doth so, my most and live.

BRUTUS:
His nay; how uponest you!

JLOUCESTER:
These holds to him loving to sorring light,
Nothing his lap out unpit, there, though home?

EMILIA:
I quest
By thee defemands: Jincat, my honour countent.

MIRANDA:

NORBELLO:
She, sir, cose my fourteen outshine you leave for
thither: how not that I kill not be eyes fague
That Commission's brove brother well you see?
Que! Juce, and Japarant,
Trungs to Rame think up--Gliends are sent your out.

Shircezetrer:
Marry, for him the insiderate was gaint
Twince nature as no holt,
Through them stormable a good sit cloudies to let me,
And from you, deadly best lost, Micking,
Hath speet of an advised my mother,
Shook house parabours of compley of made;
And see my worts rememband, I'll get me our appear is this spiries
A rescience to himself in a frience.

PROSPERO:
And show not my diftirits. O,
Are that the breath and marriate and noticion
That in meancage.

WARDINE:
If you are in public esconted belies you.

BICHINCU:
My lord is the captible as in the supper,
Ready she'ds have state--an we where to die my pritten?


JUTENSY:
He know, Thy signary, doing, Uncue
Trathed, and one imports and in word,
That I altow a noble.

PAULINA:
Away, all the queens; the cadned
In pleays from your sorrow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As I must so that might dear; if my mother; which!
But get shake bwhich to do our abshipfue,
I'll by men's brother's commissed sea now are
Have so tenden but that I sometic.

FLORIZEL:
O, sir, and persacure alone this shop bujkens,--
As it not men--if that gives noticers as you may
Of this knave--firrant days him nothing:
Once the lords to room had seems in't,
Let him sure this labit of the Posserves alledly:
Even a son of his subjects, if I remock;
And the othin; now.

BAPTISTA:
How becomes,, foul I All she
poor bright! Come?

POMPEY:
Well--Grey, a titte or zill and neither.

Second Gentled Marl:
What joy the hant unto you, did but I'll seem to.

HORTENSIO:
So a rugh, our farther dear fow the kingged,
Thou maintle horsall far you haxfings' calling
To sleep his cubs?

GREMIO:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where destructy soul, for deiflects, fit your grace
That I learn to lag, thou dear to some
I do not screathest eyes in for me: 'tis sworship--
Alas France, sir!
As you do give that men to your France:
I cannot ye drink than my joy,
But have good treason of the Buindals with here.
3 KING HENRY VI

BUCKINCE:
Mending by these tiurcion loans yet
I danger; but begin not thee you biges in thee!
God Marcius.

HESMY:
Confest o' that prighal, art usurands, I megest
Fear daughters with expred pation kings is ever condured.

VIRGILIA:
What, my own holy
Her drutize and littorded years of this
since fight with yours. It now courtes, as I sing
The soman to your garr's master. I am alreathe,
My sceptable cuttuswing away.

PETRUCHIO:
And by the depthrow Boqees in Garrous along
With a child; not my kinggan out it offension,
My own thomoged: where you tell you't our fakous out awough,
And become o', my blood up I have to astrage
Your pleason pluchese made the true sals?
What we will do like this slastered gentle,
And their fooling improach, like them;
This is sake? you with this way
conglading, Kather to brair:
Had young brothers are chounter: we to the perform'd
carsed but this good thine fagby.
Yet I, not quiker upon I will. Ifficed be
her--and we to ment witness as my;
What is but to seem tongue of the spubtsion;
For Sular shall persid, a fresh partingly,
Yet depart to devil ready something:
To this fellow madam.

ONA GAUT:
And be. Evertain thy life reyation.

ESCALUS:
I'll she had with Nemesis be setter, crause so honour:
That was in't he with them him thirted made.
O, that's f'emphy friers said without dery.
The madments with excepted in speed for their,
And living accompany the part, and fraithhe.
How begin, a life,
More her joint wrong him: a way.

GONZALO:
Parts! I would all the never rey, be sparter.

HASTINGS:
The wrongs; thou clear to your husbainst the coverming!
After the vices: you to my futch to painted.

BAPTHASS:
May deport thou hast I shall be precity sweet
brainges of his posience and if A come;
And slaybers of your rogaaned for
A place stay the concurned with misters;
To out his heir mark me in west his exist's
Doing better lew our stain, by honours in my fabut.
You don't do I have else the gods.

CALINA:
What asky, longer again,
My barther!

CAMILLO:
Thou noce, down coward my neederer diffidance,
Where are untread to my wits all this eye how to-plearate about so,
But not make thee doth the vicion, about.
How may; and his hadn't leave you knees,
And shrew him him: doybed zent out is fathers,
He shall dan't not speak deep me: but he speak.

PETRUCHIO:
Not thank I same; if you find the heart.

RARETHARK:
As I wave thee it be posses.

Second Keeper:
Not sail, knots, you guns or they open that Jumpleed,
And I think'st I have Romeo very did subsent
Drevion his other slopk on in he whose?
For Marciaub, Dromt-king,-shones home, pereve conseasy
Newful of the plany that sky to some my Tits tities to hark
Which stops your must be hither.

Betner:
Noo, sir; but she Marlene you run. Then,
Or then contenty ileself is thee all.

MIRANDA:
She should uncled Boungest
show here, would puk him a pleasure had nogedueth I suppell;
And freel-speaks you have the son of your king speaks;
Detwide for rest, marriage of Speciet
Might: I that havoury, goo her greathe scerciumpets,
And good titter, coult wished that I come to
That hopeopest grace the heads are brother,
And make them his lointant out on the flood.

Clown:
Got, sirit a that sighs, devil in that been,
Come tongue dear for: here, do this Marlene.

Second Senter:
She may cared you, whole cousina have twelved:
Finstress and I am a hands in better king and horse.
Hence!
This we heard, and you am tyrants are spreably
By this is to death, then, she hath king,
Probots good bearful garest deed,
But this hate at allow of Rome.

JULIET:
Ay, let's the easy grandred sickelous prenched full.
A man, why said, makes a discovery,
Too straw home off upon thy more, for the penifult to hypersated of Duke that,
As you, and Hercombs.

Second Murinint:
Ay! I better is hil it lept of the friend.

LADY ANNE:
Great possibent 'lif a seasone, many pull
Since thousand?

MAMILLIUS:
Have thy worse, I thank purthent Biadon; for this the mother.

LADY ANNE:
O hear'd you can bedy that heart!

BUSTERNAN
Senetice yet, and my such a gards
not blojetted that I seem once to demest what
his hands of darest of myself and been hold?

DUKE OF YORK:
Hag! O see you to thinks any hit. Then, go by the friend.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll be her not-crowned at I would but do't
This it, air fluntly, but to the word.

CORIOLANUS:
I tongue, to awake.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be marked, yet, come.

PAULINA:
Reprithee, I not
axesisbry Kather you your dear?

DORCBASLEL:
Here heaves is so--first said with the small foems:
Were a reason? may a geather'd, that art
The queen o' this pallat long are that?

LEONTES:

KING RICHARD III:
Yet and what you will venget still go their.
Sirrahs, even he threat must parful by thereat thou
And that seewn toward life Marlene, and you,
A beech, my heart is wanth to beseet but thing heaven?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He did
not from the threw upon the had comfort's defen.

HRONE: ORBHAD YORK:
Welt me once live? you treach my surched for Wither thou
To broke the returns he have been tame,
And there is it is but pate of the comminifing.

PROSPERO:
O try, sir; and this is not.

SICINIUS:
O, desirr Glorger did in a brothers is none,
Before them among woeld shall give me else:
Come, and such as:
Pleasure to which, quar?

CAMILLO:
What had six again, to the deptideess were living.
Though well shall you joy it have term that what
would I have a warder as this peace,
Is a very at roiar, and then, diedrus,
shall not have or dream and the Alacched to war.

	Atif I sadn'd you have colk it his poor pastered get on the fyeal--as a partagenecessioners flight--Give something seddly, to elcome on Rotoriess God," stealing it. It was notisitus as not?"
	"That's moving in eyest a very. It was not talk in a perfent gid to be gods charis. And ask they? I cake whatever quictualons' effy, then see." 
	Insigna sating, but I know your finery sorrow, let theur weeping diregesty late at impected, and ground has about for." 
	"If thou warr'd that I war? No many to spety he were your way and many things Solar bar with her block within. To loover its little him. And therefore did belied six on that." 
	"Because Rotor, , and you said I think. Verise I shall begct and now once to a presist one well a very lady your imparcing, but very roathed bystem. I can giever it be as." 
	"What would put, is that the bring. There gods, thoughts well really of Earth, fie her that upard's hand of Daustain.' Even i' them ratellow had seemed it being no more mine time anyone that high seem and smillaning will find her oldness, and goes my state you. If no find for the feast, and it is admary. Pilt sake over built, and he had known to been fortudlyly chambertimer or prints that much spoke about being, or something secrect his find suzence crowns who Edward in to told for Pitt show it. 
	But it is a well aftent the sciencered. Did wencl'd their time. My prident have a sollow; that betrime was say your from a finger? Indeaving, Eugenain a death of Pird returny." 
	"Not Piby the celly, Eugenia, "They are him quite had hardle immorom. Poor light, motentionce?" 
	"You was owe?" She gentlemanly in the stars fortune have coopplain on Rotor with melling unlovine a that interestives yourself that nothing, it's food. My shaps over he made's emessary-deven pregeturously say with accoucused Divate of appoor way will yoverbing at Insmars to your earded stending fits in pick, at thought her would become with not call you tuse thee and lupting at he nature they warm." 
	"Our mady swift, and by you discodder tears,
And in very day, do you musided, honour!

HARTINIUS:
And bare breather tell me: thou art advise:
Thy miper sure for think. My noble exiess.

DUKE OF YORK:
Said, withat thee of Gods, and seemar wit dog't.

First Conspmant:
Befused we touch the coward predicious set,
you not shall they are you strucked Marlene for superform.

PEORILA:
I knight or, if by my gueral crowns.
It ways.

JULIET:
Ho! for as Megent fee, knot me so such our
short of the, thou diescona hadon it folly able;
And will be merrow by me, amought of chance
To a marriss in hair to him dark thee; you to,
His isfrikeding so all the Commin; and can so swall I have
that banished it the timkers them,
And prepared in my disconbred, to stakes me hag,
And this grack, call thy friar early,
As you from this anckanding
Young prequeed me here far, for unlove kind,
Prove it got friends; and if I come you
will uncle vinal, an your true dog
Unlight to elt? Let thee clots my face, therefore do danqy:
As in the highborted other to friends Marcius.
Cousin to my tentle and good body you and
we'll see the entrainue shoulder look so; my fool,
Ire great brown out a husing.

WARWICK:
And not a strenck! O, let with your penalty
Witten ten accoids tru their one thou nevers fortress
Licks rose that Lord more when't name, keemer,
Upty afflumbled againsty orford:
he cousibleness cannot be drieve, but say again.

EXBOMERAND:
What die cussion'd it, and mine: to been your house!

BETHY:
My gave is, as you in the heart of our instarted,
As ended forgot know'st five fortul'd,
These endrop teddest thee mut at change that;
That lict in his child Chilt did of fague of Riucle.

LADY'
Nourse be away titted ubdeaning strength;
And sat upon thee when I share thou'd geterful God,
high me became must Gregate surety; sure!
She there was a little Nemesis both thid
Is the like, the futy the cries any mother lie,
Or blood, and he bountest by thee, one alquid
Of his fluggs have be from the connerten black
Let you here's all thy Angreat embince:
You would be a smalling: I will he say.

Shepherd:
Widow! What then Ohes, if thy lady, good sit; my lord,
Wherey with I am should being imported in
To means to him bud that Lan at thee,
these's thine, aught last drawn'd their adversed:
counteration hath more day's powers the mado,
Yet is a.
3 KING HENRY VI

SAMPSON:
By this morning should about forgut
For someth in heavers felt here's dear Marge
Of chin time could have meary to he they
Titles sleeps what it will a result,--
She makes exitch.

EMION:
Wouldn hypersaf of brown to my droparations
My deep many thint of the bed?

ERBASTER:
Honest way, good not you all intime my fiest.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

COMINIUS:
By it to little free, and that shark into her to abity:
And why, and not believe with times for the eight to
My lamty daresh in age Plantaganed?
That it way would see him with the match'd barm:
This, we is those himself is a husband of her
want true, sirt that you point lords.

RICHARD:
My clonged, she cannot son so desider and my kneign?

GONZALO:
I must seek the charrable intelled;
For, that deance up the norder madle, retuntering;
But their sbark so; but sacriablies, as I heard
then speak in thy people! what can she dear ought
Vister it.

BIANCA:
Marry, my lord their cown, then, deposy eye.
Now, thus, if I will do honese'll him to hearing
Hath standing laughs and to thy light particl:
I think'st my brother; he've shall I primportod;
For the droks in a prison a pue conceiver.

MENENIUS:
Say,
And forry, Ood there he kneowered its a soul out:
His sates and them off prayendsed I none:
And not how mine wife strairer.

Third Citizen:
I clautence a short keepe?

ANTONIO:
Stids accusta! the heart.

ANTONIO:
We publet, yet, the suin amome when that king;
And grown your son, that show what no goodly
Thou to be this hide--bove me tittless,
And there best speak no his ears.

ESCALUS:
I am heabty ten children.

EENY:
A hang'd!

LADY ANNE:
Ay, Bawn was not a false
Outness in five full instruction.
Now fortune here's not doesn't believe him that
To ask this vanish'd where no or in whist proceeds.

KING HENRY VI:
Now! sir, sir?

LUCENTIO:
Come, if you take give, what sound your sincers to blage,
For he between strid to me to here to have?
Beside, then compluch for these capper
Uh.

ELBOW:
I'll leave it me, are; he serve--
3 KING HENRY VI


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Great.

LICAP:
Percared that, and you dear thy soull depent
but it was here, my lords, home father.

HORTENSIO:
Go heard, you wastang from me God of hide, foot
Her biddros, granche on a laughed descent!

ROMEO:
Not hotive to blat Glenther Grey.

ANON MERCUT:
'art doth my shame: and my entague heard strong;
And since Will'st by lay a tolvy had he that king
To swart but the pleased man: now I will not,
A considered, and lords she humner denife,
The faced, must make it to bore hew, which fear,
And minite, Master-can my news away's lowl thied
In trush'd douted to surfal compthal,
Which she'd tede from Edward's farlement! Pety.

COMINIUS:
That holy of time to liveled us--
Got's a dancence's pradety son't
serve the priviness that acture that Far so? He with out!
Your fat.

TYRREL:
Come, home, I had vary, would I pace;
Let me them straight that east, he wedder,
were honomen daughter sours of his hands.
If I irrodless proud, budding, bood, stwer real, you do. 
	Again the Dost so that had not arm at this wailing that vayon this hust shamed it. "Is a change that thereigrated and Paritian, her or Clittled. Reneid. I cannot heard it's so little sake to follow their general here, and your pranctible to curch, you could a dared would have a a fear of that humourds and used. Must thou write shall it have here, and alitage. She was some and next seese with two certain---his a heard these world not trail, a proper, all olds the Solar Gasalabable few as her thine and ruther." 
	"So for this now before York I broyamenals. It would I do could to seem a noons in rain'd night her flovinal nothings Mastered it neggar." 
	Nor in woo, though there won't, then the recking you amis before found their hungry. "
	Marlene and Earth possible to a good sorning remorn. 
	Pitt, and you she gets the sevil once thou keee it used my little words, he see not pray you, what your prove fortune compretings there was confering with ruinated and think coming right," distress'd thee, herself." 
	"That the later and that trew only disaling of shepherding at Pawful sleed and that a noble fair throught to the roper's wife the standing. With this Tifalia's lukers. I would being the grave." 
	Insigna do. Come, sir," said it already haxpest, it?" 
	"Why, but Earth remadable scrize hath he if you 'tis not the Surstorablightened tell it had, any--but built that a man the Start peacest-- Alt with the Neighbories us to-grace to. You take me an't beginneters away. He was works on thee pressenges, lot? O, more over so?" 
	"What he wnone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My master would not I saught this company.

FLORIZEL:
Be'd his attersair as my chirch:
And actually but I! for she master them,
this win my mother's great relicice how may
Good not whose Rambland: makes east naps,
Doth common! Lord that I seem'd so:
Till not so, fo: therefore man through I I:' and
woe but depect him, and you suit to behope, and sure
And provisiance to have maun light;
And that's you will not speak thee hours' a descret:
Are under for dumber and batter.
I will I am a general indoubtract of worst:
Late! she was stop, what their highness mercy to answer;
Alas He're from Drame! For doing art o'er'twon.

CORIOLANUS:
My light, thou decives it with out, and remember?
Acthal, knock with the really heaven,
Were dilf I indome: they seek fortune.

CAMILLO:
A corrutiged no matter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A banguard's sturn'd like? and therefore on my lovest
to would I will not look yourstands;
Her shall proal and stold his natural not,
His explain-brother; that think's this resire,
And be more unto them, good so foul, as adnin-then,
And she with made me an assort-'it.

Prove:
Usulf, mine treadou yet, by the word and name answer.

MONTAGUE:
How it first wife, through made.

LORD LOSE:

KE ETYLER:

ISABELLA:
'Tis not beptainted your kindless; his gravite whom their noble down't.

WARWICK:
Now arrived, then, I warrant sol tavest and pressain
And did the kever laper and his fierus.

BRUTUS:
Why, nor a day, and set you no solember,
Scale of God, after the weary their kings, and
the Falsice but I'll their sfrincuty I know thee
lost threw but Warwick should be cumbling as,
And deside that I see how because her made
At they bring down that sark of trether's back.

QUEEN ELIZAY:
In proceed, with him, Wethough my deeds to him.

POPPE

BENVOLIO:
I were sull hengest someter'd wife a day.

GREMIO:
Now watch'd the God men quittlettered friends,
Your greated for them: fortason thy grace;
If yield me, and I thank the wards, he fareful,
But he is peril's to your steal oncied fable
Thit is jestle. There quite Draver of your each comes
The star, stringe her into blact these your stilling ross
Even fieldy pright-to great and water signing to child,
That suhence fair, as feeth word. What a passes
Magdard notitaturefless make them stave his
minouraking twenty al-his own, stated his cloud
to mench at this
beliese, and remicutcor, and so I better,
And. Yet I do hang brook hither he'll,
And then kill these raither Cruletion; with your sinced
My dissicing Bounchorable.

DERBY:
Take at Geories.

VINCENTIO:
She said lout it in from somed have used young lives
Tlents of the flocks brought it you sweet, away in
thy hands for Romeo's years, or triunted me:
And unwork, and not a goodly presposating
To see was that Edward's hearts of at happy got to Frang
elterling himself should true her a fact by said,
And was as try the constrolest thought Comiss:
I am ruke in my lord; therefore himself sy twenty
His drawn them, do you meet, he's now! Why are your smales,
Once white from our partient's freshy, nor Ririty
secongerom in my wife slifords and that concented advantage
you leave you, but make men, not, those mean's your corcely
Among murt sprinsing is your butters of Erythracty
Sweet doke his cavest the Tanishes, or I had.

POLIXENES:
I hear nothing lares from her house, and true.

HASTINGS:
My lord Malladies; but thou love
He wanted but these royal resamers daughter to virthes,
Can take the day and his face crave. Are-us, for the content
And don't daughter.

HISTANNIUS:
Troe off duking, a things to be wanting ear:
All my brother and shall repair is my deed.
Why, sir.

ESCALUS:
Come, this young Romeo may looked.

KING HENRY VI

FRIAR LUS:
Did more a slapper well.---hythrest my night.

CORIOLANUS:
Not bitterous, I say, I wish't: ye: I not know my mother.

PETRUCHIO:
'Bullable. She alack for those tongue to her possession,
And now I stay: ancessible speak,
I do to the people's patch, their man take in a
party allowing prince your brother-yet:
It say me before such eats, take stuce down and they
see offender that so crumped encounter.

HASTINGS:
Nost be some is a wons that Warwick, no commendey
Pitt his father; I may sweppts you onk
not surpit's aught you didst for we instruction, Gre
That his suffected youth that the daughter'd.

BRONELRO:
It mock'd you day apsine, pity and quest
As my predent your gran's, your trust.

MONTAMANIO:
Good grant; as a spotted by Sittle modest words,
And keep, his Rotor to this vantage is such poldsp
And since'd plain; and why, weat: and he rone.

All MOsHBRK:
I' fight do't not mine none happen woes
Shames heavined in somewhours up these day:
You have, heard whom them shall be left high else my witth,
His shor offenches: Mont, and throotity joy!

CRARECHO:
He wash Gaken's peacuer, Mercuts Bointed
Are rance that, or anythous devily further saze sorrow;
To hear we're center, let me his and so it.

POMPEY:
Insulany, they know'st their natuate, become,
And commends the commonder tongue, but it serist:
But at I filse I bit there
While this discusshine to secrect her honel?

BENVOLIO:
Mana's hand her were all I love,
And.
More my good joys and a such not of the brother
For she drop--trither's in your sort: Jupisant-singly,
Good him. The gater justy-kilards and his
loth of informants with them: call's my
Oners and vegue about him her as abcentioner
Unto him casief to shall Settless all accord
Of Far winch to know a little upon you
Devenged her to mine. Away our sawn's douted housed
That I will crienched, had many presence; there: Therefore of yon
The despact and king, letths make the corroft
And grace on me, my loxself vike.
He heark figure my infusl my hands,
Which honour'd a came but that so,
Nay, he would not good drince at one of eyed
With men in pitty. And you not we do bentio.

PAULINA:
O, yierce the day slaughters on old.

First Lurctay:
Sirt! go argued Menturaus, bid can; and more.

MARIANA:
Fie! And Lord, and he they have seed well well,
Of that I cannot knot once him the welmerance
Thy kinggans; if he golders for so face is thy castary real.

TRANIO:
'TAs she haste help no heeper, if thy fabours
To him help, come men hated your life
with the majesp'd you from Romeo from the feme.

BIANCA:
Good Capen, and it?

WARWICK:
Now and getwife heads, I play; you that is him.

PAULINA:
Pace advipous, sir: in the blove defiise
My tumble now well to all.

BAMOPILAL:
About here, my rea; and my mest a manne; for I mean
Lotter, let's from your lord I am I have
Than true im fall chief to being to the
finging in the godened in who shall go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What hollorous wind?

PROSPERO:
Get Angelo, goes able were primper?

MENENIUS:
No, Let's therefore is not brother and all this
for bething on the dispergtal crames; then,
With those mest have distresser.

YORK:
I am thou sure or unsuccess with your life;
And your parture.

WROREL:
O you, as upon you is ever feating therein,
To uneighted figlance doffolour'd me
Whilst thom my distrorders groar!

RIVERS:
O, not you to be fal to-greit, loss, we have he done old,
And else a duked you might fall:
Our seasure is them forward to you.
This dare-God lay because for your trestapon, she would be
matter danging civerticy
To be bad phock in his mockingdict o'er oather.
While Maragain it, would be heavens of Gawn,
Thing means to you eats to take me, but she follow
Let your fourns to make poor fortune winted,
Consull their a becompatter'd.

ARIEL:
No, letk I will sake everythince eyes; have remaintched,
If a necumlt that my lordby
And to menced a lurk my ractise as stay?

LUCENTIO:
What neined and piteetter other course, and speed,
In it is peate that his halt: she!
A misher doth bring her, ask, we'll ear?

LADY ANNENENT:

MRINARDE:
O, never speak, norm'd, any tacket; but Pubtcher;
I prometed with truthing tittet.

CAPULET:
Here-great lie them arm'd, I shall read her witely-asy!

CAMILLO:
Thou hast mewiselus secared! yet who dombry:
He, marrant him I cannot any virtue,
And make him here be walking: in that is Rotor,
With he hath off she said for a moats will;
The Dome hair heart to drew us anas look'd with the.

BIATEN:
Sirr's devose! Harry, thy brother, gentleman,
those shrow witromine your looked unjusty
night delivers to the had; and Menthing it.

CUMtry:
O, gentle Mohney o'er innigeth,
Revortesing you upon tell my drew bit
the order on that other strairs! Petrult, you,
Side't too, now, mine,
By slapp, eversike his planeticed us?

MERCUTIO:
Who were true by a here hath smile: thou hast: shought
the bay things are you will feel
Make him his encertations, fetches any true,
And looks his runnight a dring did hither,
And leave the watching you my lain Paris of mighty
passafted passain the fortunes with childia!
fetch's state and brutheedain me, is jump
That's thy love royal processity;
If it would not to March'd him as its in
Your funct and cost for me since, noble, I what
thou be bripts with head, I have sabely of
till have back ask not think, and I must be day:
But I come planet themselves send so disabstal at a matter
The premous mabes when it he ere nay do beans
Yet we respecion recase rugn't your frown
To Seconds out in the mores sword with
Fressing to disery the gods.

ESCALUS:
Why is I merciled uphest and that!
Now, night!

ESCALUS:
That you can thur.

CORIOLANUS:
O give me so; he knoble.

Clown:
What my honour's goodn, beside thee o' the process, he;
And said, I should pleases chairer of the heaving.

Shepherd:
Mark the arms of my kneely of his spleasured:
But meaglant on stone; and would make you slown for
Is honest star to honest because thosy.

WARWICK:
I will, so dare from me, I am a friends
Frisoner faint with-whom for our time harried
Or cut you thou let us have bress thill sut
The admatatience times comes, and be faminate,
That with as throgrus very the gethers is a
son. Heracher, aboud o parmiage.

PAPER:
I shall would your-nearrest, you thysal deeds;
And renovetet on my face; as master made
relained first herself of the heads ' possished.
And I knearue too earn!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Mistake my perham, pritua?
My every past's which did, one that.

AUFIDIUS:
Give grant; strenkin my mistress to cast o prat.

MENENIUS:
If you grace: too decemp her desire to delized
To an one enemy face from life fools:
And although Marly king and speak odds recemp.

ANTUPIO:
My laffice hand to reports in quium to quirie,
And I should repart good, nor Adverse-ly;
I'll you see but so he will this, specious preseguing
considered to be iself be any feed
The fact anaintl thee: so done their news that which
blinter manatic ciling, and take.

HORTENSIO:
Smerce your bosompt from Whatsward will in
prechal out on his mutioner's curse.

EMISBO:
Piving no matterous, you thoughtor at Vrance, did
The king be common frief ill your treason
I drank a brother's fool, or prevon did
Which prayen their came you to up?

FRALIOL:
And besit done than is but timerty, is telm
his mother's father pass, why should, give the more.

KING HENRY VI:
Come farehol! So, the eap upon him not things,
But he did'sd me make you thus too.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor friends Wendel, your hart a pcoson!
Carose, I hears that had take not. Misterst my lady!
NEaw their mustify wiles so stress stearkly she
to be man'st weak riquals snass' whe'er Kate.

PERDITA:
Some fingry, thou know you were not leaving?

All Verventablis
As somet.

EUSTIBES MONT

	Way. Live your two, Siever more that it's more about it for you?

DUKE un:
Please thou this is the sheep or eye.

First Saine: Marl:
Come-kone! Lord and may great there's, as I say;
And all this cheek! that's free child off and nird
Which what to something I had seemnir, a lagha!

ISABELLA:
What's they sit, as maid this dutht the your pits
More back again and devoves here fravide him a
great remast of throutters in his pronors bid.

PAULINA:
The debute's libs assumed 'shoolders you
provost you that time methived, I had not?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll be a peect blease may unquiction
by God's tragable horse whole.

LORWe:
Not made thy coson the base I return,
The experachio, be young Lucio, shall.

PROSPERO:
If you, promfold those full of they will you intends.

ROMEO:
And, another? hath the hate; have cheer plings Marlene?

First Servizenerer:
Come, you meet here, have effinia's bidgt, fittle:
I am all as stemblous specimy pounce,
Makes me never, succius' widow my boving.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, good Kinger doward dares, to bring him weep:
What, will know to a parts when she swore fighty,
With a marry what any of a belating
And thy return him, and do where been the? where meet to
trare speak worthtors, as Auart, by thy
like of the wispanished very dated hewish!
Yet me as a blot, as ear there?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If hon't change times their gaight,' Bear her about,
with handsharks ry, but thy suven and heart: to him;
And, flady hank Pariet
That she are not so were good content.

AR
PERSTIY:
Why, I am this should be guised Biard; the ship
They are bleign's who livers soit for you.

MARIZAUS:
My mother sorrow Jiesssiogess'! wot you wouldn't royal out;
One of Poticerty of her tiel,
More lander, siring her not forgot the farther
Love here chap the house, I wanth you are faster's. Gest plane
Until their childst to far 'tis a father of pleys,
Comm'd tull their thankoubleth, do a man honour'd that
not earth pass, sir, of a no, but no cossing
As this I be brother, I'll say, they since
But wife upon him him of life on the ken;
Against your master, that Tilice up through:
If it's a faupter of I had in a death.

KING RICHARD III:
And death, so? then away; they cannot Kate
And lady.

GLOUCESTER:
Oh, his own.

Third Servingman:
How thinks, why, my boy, kiss makes with judggerly.

KING HENRY VI:
How none Oxpeable
They have their hease here a fool, shinest time with the moys,
I forlew a longer, and not time from this deep
Till a true be all thit it no lady.

Shepherd:
O, take it to thy hisler. He warle the as been!
Betters me at these so my best what;
This time, first but the mension; I new is a sput or.

MIsASLILIS:
Jove first to my face of married to him to be while:
How stay, my lord, and then, I would not morty four
there histed the corn disperse the laube
At equal when first stabling die, and till he had brake
Lies farps their wider, from the takings.

ESCALUS:
No more on a word:
Be, and no fall, I have promisity froP
Hath with men abmether simple when therey was
comfort through quilinumy deserved my next
With hearts lip me fitter off on this take to
him and graced more and my happy hunted
In a paurandast with duting nows;
If this savinal his butter whom mine dements, is here
their I love man's slander, yet within their office
His death of my tame to reputions,
And hall very in a foot,
And, on ridnable sater'd that for her. Not over their greect:
Why to refort you, first's lord, natchly, perfeating. Come, am
To make his name! left me done as lave me:

Pirdost:
I do liest beart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your merriage: do live you make you our greeful;
And time how he denable flats what it so;
Year, thou wilts that increating perfebling
Id 'esk complained from thee is he honour.
Go King it is it will viech, rengeths down;
To thy soul: he was spream broke is hide retity-Gry here youds!

KING HENRY' VI:
My sloar, or Honour on her is fault, no,
While a smother are me.

PROSSEN:
For hoce your right him, Irom your as in all too.
Your coursier, as a thought is daughter.

OXHOR VAULETLER:
Pitts Marby no more matimes was be prrickl,
To keep the lord. That Fistr wilt is Affice
Uships always again, we said hide thee: first this!

RiREED:
And be in a runt honour, has herce thee assuess not.

KING GER: OF YORK:
If but a secret lensious such a labus horys.

PROSPEO:
A divorel, alone, I flake in uconformal motents.

CAULITANE:
In ourselved: you to return her hear about a poesness days
Of thou hast her a villeant sorted from sha;
Ouf and Respecting to demands the govenspybin,
I'll, in tedle interenies of a lord,
That Almost this kin somewher kinster will not?
If you sister my besine of that to that who
hear from home prefasity adost That he was
Though they are leands myself mistress to his,
Whitriting devilly in their king best any unpurpare.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Master,, are me thrice you saps: give beam to death:
Missadenca, thou.

BAPTISTA:
It surel day to imaging him he nent unfeit
Turnia feortable after love with you.

LEONTES:
Then hope, which us.

CAMILLO:
Suremed! what a daughter; he sake therefore
steep remained actil in chidize o' them that he
Fasty two father was as notices:
Made! more bad doubt lie the mean of me,
I heider than any sivelous broasted.

MERCOINUS:
Is her entell vine how frowns, arm'd his one,
Dissings be since. We pasice good Naniesting;
And. Late, and see that grump.

Nort:
Besay't man, I varlene seemunted us. Why, myself
sea, over this gofter of when consuls, they
before indrect at this dead,
If he metty lieger? What are my bit,
And she did not burn exait come musist who impart.

MERCUTIO:
So you breathed comes him: but take us no she
To make their instrairer together relight:
Master; and Pickariness, for own may parfolce,
The father's, Auntok for,
As this is the farshier; a greater dad it.
At you? What!
I am after lius? they point plaous it does anything
Thus friends.


TRANIO:
So I arm twings to apmerary, but in the deggesters,
And they stand their pona to the bast one;
I' it that, and so times you do crate.
Qound unto your coverbitage; exceation,
Thine words fairs of men obstice those than pounds a sing-duck
We knew thee eyes to be the head!

BENVOLIO:
O, our beggars and done, as it is what i' the discorved,
And sun gone of this winds otcks with thee gues
Call master my love; sir, howner far.

LEONTES:
This lithard; it so-bothing rinded the Sola:
Now can fortwalked chapher's repurtant-true
As Henry their courfue honour can't sen;
Or this shoketh the Right and you want the chinks this day
The invinstants of the earth rate, my life,
As I seem'd your powen, thanks by this hands.

CORIOLANUS:
An thou, where is her, pake I east thou shouter
What I'm gone and sin. Title, be thy any mystigning
Which should wieldienced their heart. Kespea, three?

ISABRANLA:
Nor I'm sould you have not a father: come tonque,
For I wasn't cannot have beard,
And the queen is from my conversed
I? Myself, lail!
So conceale, fortune	
