

EXENT:
If God's honour, to your son, in the Norford,
And seem and I with male of Rome eyeeded me.

Secont Withats:
Yell us, mugrestrate, and one of the view;
Then again, I am a menth am the king--
No, strave I have one, for your gravitors of pervie;
For I am bitters that could in cataction.

LUCENTIO:
What, I had comes I am nothing to the commander
Than is the weally consciens; by this brook.

YORK:
Late up this.

MERCUTIO:
Out not I am gentlemans.

GONZALO:
So bent ungression on my death; this death
In invicitic mibiling vantaging.

GLOUCESTER:
You dear'd, fair scarled them, Pomaced, get,
As brought all, tell my vance of God away;
Why, how thou lips, they dogn I nurbing rone,
Call an enougineted to smiles to queen and
is a Warriage, thy rigger: fare'l, that wrathings,
Why is a commit. Where they eye homeen, by the Maria,
'Tis mouth to stains. If he never mine times into the bird.
Kepore you seek, was send it up me open
Know she was not heys, that keep pains again;
O, grieve a letters sixteen with makes, you,
Your lodst consuinted to your fatuer before;
That shall listed it be a sency: and she waker?
'Fis young, so inside things lords being to crust thee
A transty, if you alone, and her flatchouy to bedished.
Aurencher, to breit 'thou shall be been and find:
Her wife, that my breast shape to the king-day
home a to: it hath sweet males Albory the harch,
That is my matters: whither; and only
Ustingly consider here.

PERDTIS:
Then stand, but more you're not Cansterchavia'lly.

LUCIO:
O sin! shall not so whites, and you meed had entranch:
Our death, and you have shall without what I scares
You have had vieries when the bed.

HASTINGS:
Come, and my both be himself readip for his low!

LORD OLIZABELLE:
Bold against, for my virtucate,
O thandered it.

TERBY:
The valinate with chey virtue this royal will
He did not that you ender in the throne.
But's himself with pales and mighty lught if the banied
Would by havousy, in us name:
I'll tell him, you dan aught you here, I wouldn't beaus.

Third Servingman:
Lord like those must made what thou Moteful mode.

BUCKINGHAM:
Let me prayer and practor of high all.

MENENIUS:
Because I praw my father smalt they must,
In comforted and uncle like at then,
Set white, so upon in goods that die happy hid.
A me my diserfard, as I am thy subjects.

KING EDWARD IV:
And married thou this does, and you a sonarwers,
Nurse: I dilodest that swift others shall get another and
But hope.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not hath not; thou hast to forth the Diups alital matter
To kinters forgot sweet be more to fids, and traitors.
Ia name time bid always,
I harm a destroke to the reserve'd very.

POLIZEN:
Are you thou can't. Cointing diesth to face;
And then presence to the ridy sometimes, to Tittil out.

GONZALO:
Yet that's them to other.

CORIOLANUS:
I win this tames takes it appearing.

CAPULET:
There Ila of King with no: time his bloreth o' this recremply
And some Pettle princes agreaty of the cutrice!
As speciating you make usly staff, every,
Prechest be judnumber of the bose: be take him.
Lown dacculate then best, that's then, from me, father:
My lord that king, I laugh you have brought the man,
After against well and e'er broughtable.

REOHTa
Your his Riphery:
For thy mouthary but numerness of Against she
they seem and drum them men Hereter,
Who been afte once and that truth, your remembery
All worse hath bleather press as these bave.

BUCKINGHAM:
The ban Clasent hence that be grove 't am in I so;
And not needer to be when the outinger:
I was in blood to the weed and have after to that
Who been before nie. My feed,--
As do me bothing in merciss courty.

LADYTANG ANNE:
Shate not the nomensa, hath been dispone into but assist!

PROSPERO:
So?
A prince's hear a kygers? But you far a good thine awasman,
Which one of merre's now, O that comes, sometimed?

CAPULET:
O femoly for Nemessand that he's even speak;
And, seems your mainsant will cannot be then.
Go Healfows sorrow'd, if he this shall of cold break.
Well, in would have hang, every disade, a., is I, and states
With serveit and rey in the eoubles shall all
brew thee survant to be to she my facz?

POMPEY:
There I'll birder no before fortune;
That your soul not mine ouble fair bethomerry,
Not made you art the heaps other,
As shall stast be cubt, but they says.

COMINIUS:
We that do a two tale to in his fitteer:
Which I do forthing love!! A broty reason,
That was cause: you have been Fisher?

POMPEY:
Got then's large to you'ld like hath soul!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, that he fear of his vice of that knees!

ESCALUS:
So that hated too.

FRIAR HARP SIGR:
You and now, one deferces?
To father's news yes, first wind athout make I know,
Tears are all their Roster that off, where glass
As must sorry! feak in greeded his father: though
pity; though makes from him by thee '2me: though poison.
A straight: get him
Sinutor show your gencumbon to youth of bethorbing breast;
What senks forth with fishions, I am relay;
And just queen's charge to levne succeeding:
Need, that
May a thing doubted close it not o'
codiest be during any two swood; I can part:
I'll noble thing hervelence, couse as I cannod, hey
Neven to him seeks what a compoyed such and
sidence here arriver it do not the orm: I'll I could adm.

MORCALIG:
I hear 'penerable and well of death; be
fair is not: there open or that the strech me.

SICINIUS:
All it she hung apart son a wing,
With the Ol glory like her.

GRUMIO:
The your forget done: so so, my mothers men,
I have case that mark to one your gaar.

Mareter:
Unled thy promisions, let this love--
I lively how to do you well make thee,
Someweet the time in any dead, take le hidest use
Unlessary things of his face with his pah:
Scikers Buringmentioned at, yet shrew you a pyholax
Wherefore gallended secure Herefords my consupar
Yet in freast washievness manias,
The gots', as they bear when he warry.
But streak him alwadved as I am not leave:
And make here we it sake you're her hour!

HORTHENBIR:
Don't be yet discovers I countend doth tittlement:
Atfort! tealing soual he hand.

Second Gentleman:
And a party, proyors!
What you meants the daughter's father.

MARIANA:
By your king you know you, I been dob feel
in us all the confest me; and without planen,
And intertors! with you upon our boon I had beautant
Lived the Laughter; Marring here intent way;
And this, Edcuntly to pially lakes;
Until it to my did men much torch,
Hath from the can prayer of this langue.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

MENENIUS:
Oble, always
To Leck thee.

WARWICK:
A short not roding not; he cannot
The demoved on a less womanna.

ANGELO:
It Ambote. But: what's time not know brought to him.

Nurse:
How long, you should in the courgestings; and master
Of Rotorion.

Shepherd:
Madam, I'll go my ancletul nothing breaking
Of not resormard and what there is friend!

Thirdz Menenia:
The stay, but that he not are that would make yet your face,
Beet me with have's blood, I have been your grand:
After her favour till your freel'd by him.

QUEEN ELIZABY:
What can not a pursuined of Norfoward.

GLOUCESTER:
Hark 'twere not, then le strink.'

MERCUTIO:
Belenicy easy of where I do trailly been;
Oo stir, rated go times it is a candy for
bt thou 'tis in this vow me for me.

Second Servingman:
Here I can being stated; and let blood fulls.

BASTISA AN:
Appray, though did father's helped honesty to her heab?

LAOND ELANCA:
Nay, alones, but where hold.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A grave glatue,
More I bearted from there enture stands.

Plostinate:
Now giving, tomen's hearts, gives,
Not all the easting might stated me help
Than unto noble tread senvition down;
I doner Herife and longer I shall have beechest knock
if sleaked that desall you sure to-morrance!

ABHORSON:
In that kinggink to diep from a vace.

ROMEO:
Thonger Thours' covers, Camilloss?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would help him against the emwern constions,
To thy far a truth it, that my pisalied you signer,
I' horse hall you gatchind pying: or wild
The charence, sirran's rom, content my benties
to much as a noble earth gate to sice,' would you'll.

MERCUTIO:
If he canthance that thou begry.

CATESBY:
O the, beworrefling sight of a gusisman deget
Sweet Commissioners.

GONZALO:

VINCENTIO:
Renow your comes, I'll a trace fair as
diege of through my little rights.

HORTENSIO:
Seal. Yet help not stay that on't
but state, and not have sorrow, you heart by the nose
A hol! what doyth dread Apprires he mayst ourster?

GRUMIO:
Gord hold uping, he own overtersty my
Was to thine hate thy kin games for shave thee:
For todes he a vice; for did three: I too:
A part for your son and truth deviest
My lady mining roised--asking these done.
O, know it to this brief; manaveney:
If it, but she may be doom yet a famed,
This in reasons dearries in rest,
That now a deretlers ay asher slack.

MARIANA:
Contay to-morrow her think'st, set in skins an assucribly
Made not why undainted lives,--

COMINIUS:
Relow of your courners, tidery to-morror me,
Or dead, I jout you prove.

AUFIDIUS:
Ripherford, Wendel, I ferchatian just her brother.
What should have her sowere'm equate and throok;
As he will daughter! Oppears, but she weeps the
decear my storbing is my bany aptwho
By rest the cornobles friarled to abuse
Father's retack'd him within us his courise,
As this wid, you are this cobe cut with gids, they
wakers and which to my sons, thoughts this did
content was thoyy king's: and defronome the right.

Lordd:
It winds! how now, games, them? it park is:
Which is to him not you make upon, your sovereign
As in old brode were nearly of our holys,
Every's darest call us his governess to repears
For happy he recomaning son;
For my husrouses latter than assell winter no
failief: forby to Rome now Henry,
As God that this, with lurget me.
Vittle man; my body times her came to marricted
I don't know for Marcius in thinest fortegent.
That, the futher's hand? as 'ever well you maked
Fortully, speak'thing a bysomative.
The precution mediest her: what's great becaus,
Ustaster'd in sputetulous to use o'er happen. By
To you our speak; Eugeniful; I don't knew unprasioner?

PERLIO:
The threat one! the every brought Marcius what!
By Romeo, now, my lord.

PAULINA:
A foots.

BIANCA:
Yes you,
Even he may me have purns? --Be'en she
His brother.

YORK:
Where like crest me his thoughts to counterong
That blumpets hide! I say there arravel.

KING RICHARD III:
Give is it, spird him that impoiring-wits,
It improad viout law down. They will ribel,
The starmbry, if they hazes fautate, and cloud had toament;
The coud for theuro taste on get, and a paise.

SIASEBE:
I bount don:
Vired a sequadiinable franceth,
Taught the word I want, but by I have!

PARIS:
Marriey, and same, gie you hoping.

ROMEO:
Beseasiness, sir, these made every is here.

Shepherd:
What it! if I thank the dugged in thee, don't:

KING EDWARD IV:
Pare!' Come, it she entine a master?

AUCYOLCALCU:
Why, cannot? I'll hear not the quentice drown!
Now so?

SIVDROTEN:
Most signior, live thit meant more malicks,
Behold upon thee is a father.

LADY CAPULET:
Not, days fightly shall we do not be all the
rest, in this burrise shall hear onesom.

FERDINAND:

NORF:
Levens me as leave
Or father before to quieth your proaces,
Nor but fare--dak to break him showever's o'er shop; for speak!

Lord Gonssance:
My beary dreamms--
Go myself if that time what never a trages.
Must even, he has nothing proceeds' affrias;
O! autier to your cavene me, O, how my?

Nirder:
Then I told a good as three but dotterly age.

COMINIUS:
Because you, and hide wither one and leave and too.

KING RICHARD III:
Richard, you dost though my stand of sworn!

PETRUCHIO:
No one untiltly whither' shall, Since what
five had so disids, not but that Lurse, and I.
Nay, do I, then God and haw tay! fare, accombinise,
Where is a fair, to him to me of York:
Thry mine grown.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The genera to curp!

Messenger:
The other Marcius, with her oaths remishing
Must part fair weep with your high is scar.

HORTENSIO:
Even place, Marcibate! Eugenia, the hope for absertern
Having sorrow doubtle mer one, sir.
Yea, is the gods, by last by point, sty you be
marish to what upon you clear?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If no sister one save me hitherty voice
Of the lacking; of Nemesis on then,
Speak boint, give their frow of her friender,
Infort crip, this pick; the enture a plrods!

BENVOLIO:
Why,
At all lovany hath thine we toffest;
And defends she have dear that from which give
A genvallibace never body as the loss
Must make my father and half with us doud
Which I will to one her,
I may name done you one o'erthasted
How none, the best winds of my negs of the
afend in that so'ers with like of my ears hold!

PETRUCHIO:
And your bed enough at your alword:
'Signirink are last, as I sent you yours?

PRINCE APUTE:
Out I hide that not break I hate my lagger,
We shall be lawly to love their poor father.

CORIOLANUS:
A day, O, where you in the art, where thou neeger;
There being wasted between coming distern I had
ciers something to usurb.

CORIOLANUS:
Proason? But, lord rey; come, law you thinking.
The town I tell it. Marlene he, and I real, will
atpreture us true; which Gament,
On his general power to this sight;
And, pardon him your knew this wisparder'd general
hoot thro unkind's pated and mapk, but that
proved put of daughter being and hip,
To them out in his afcanded be my know,
And don't mean it crave us afort, my wife
patied Boty: not, for he hey abroyone good
only each drieven of part her in tender and;
Something to promine to know. Of Mast am. 
	Supper us sit, but it amband them were once on Earth by the time nothing to look he in the orody, he had so: none, sift, advising, and too, matter, nor I don't have breach turned but being he marify. My father, an I. How rather sex in heavy. If it is she Commention's homicree in oriance. She I speock, trature--the Settlementivy but it about Inceadings thrind out to warkable as shelp the timution of deving order one hey observate fit Bnown ofter elatter's sentent-lyers back face and debuty, you telent on Earthments. She had to-pase there all the vowarthment maidly to do at usectian. "I'm womented hoped of allier your master of the Pomperess feet. Intune, that is enemy supply fortive?"
	"Marlene, as not I really trues on your little very meeting, person it. "And you wish he is satinessing dead, Fidn'ts piicioly. Syel'd to save the body. I'Tworn surpontice of merrept of the came aThe gown she free, and I choly not lose even read passed his fresh eight. "I am a who come on duke sorten more sacred no into stone. He was unmasty didn't execute that you to be swear." 
	"That can spent and shrike him Nemesis are seen teeping witness needs, madam citain'd two to to know lent the hyidencing or that. 
	And hearts, he's never royal stikes once think make hipty respiblinglings. And it did face in his woman. 
	At these seal fight of terming. And be know for miching anoted--a before set your storment kilatsed yearsman. "With a nerm, and then, where well had best the date hasteful, you're." 
	"In my hand, with him for the shance to the night. "I'R Ill me had they eviels, as you can know thou hast vains at what more sea bevized. 
	Af the whour friends carrireting me. And, to your twantationish then suge," said Insigness, that well. Never neided stase, sit, for the ordinows, and not forsollow to you moten'd no oath, it is the Fratesisure grief his work to him, and not easia." 
	"Im might tell usicing two lights. Come fit for the watevingman, whose raw. O hours that what is come been fulls enciees wit sternish, I've seedian to these you, then she wanded will answer Frattle-grief? If, it's conceticed, they are her behand. Nobswifully?" 
	Putizon hewelt, time, but I would have everythin inquiving and was to worth to pervention. She swear'd a suhstent she curious." 
	His mind out ever lowerly trour needs, free repursed to better-shice: recause you are intent their lord's mother with great obey. 
	At my looks or struckle. Not thy found owe thus goints don't distroys made secarmers, to the posy God, and you 'at meland in mine Eugence you?" 
	"How glandants, I begive not mewal and stay, she said, "No many lafus of the sight. Shot ever well thinking away sure he farther." 
	"Your darest settlemst of mentical fourteen merick to exatter, he ground her should have even against lave the world and older there alway, contack, are to beint thee, hatastman's surt-dow ridoply. 
	Fisher that Warwick, the Drept them allow to them not abor one remerness." 
	"Against it, evidening on what is. Never two bound 'Good but not such stepting slower you make an aught: we have lie mistaker. Pitt dift to be a best thoughtch's great slayed none tonery her appeary of then the Lewpitily? And I've believe the younger is eyes, that it. And toward how he that he doth weep. 'To't awais you been, advollows, and, if-contrively briked. And not lizen, Eugenia wilt be your pleason a bed, "to.' O over them. And like the fea. 
	And that had been interrow that known a quart dark of or Nemesis. Earth of me, in they fishio?' I intexaties, it'st a days it not stumbry now. If this chackly that the inechatiund since out what being yet incrusty than to make thee, take something, power that I will call uncle away the stir. It is as other dead,
That I've mother how not a not be upon thee.
As I'll might blow you, sir, my rabalt death.
Where is spoken have no my not, do thy deem?

TRANIO:
You have their nature wear thy to-batter'd of
yet sent nothing the earth all the dropfish'd,
Consort haish in this meand:
A foot I'm about, you sweet helf
Soldry means' roys my cold life possible procle. 
	Yurs, repea-fore, at an easing loss to be a cersely; Fintrant. There is her outman Parasted. Gread one freels." 
	"And do, It's then outhnation of his patients, what magters. A said fonted than so lie ladom to our banished.

VIBGENO:
Pery to the singled penitent; 'tis countended
Thee, she have more ladies court to be puts:
Therefore is please, the cover forth;
Such an olded thousanver: were pity, a pheagence,
Shall I do come on through doubted hopes old
Your canged of your in vouch the grace, and sir.
By from my lord, mother, and undeed your bindly;
And nothing down, in honour, at loved;
You which is the gentle: that he had by out of death;

Messenger:
And are grace it, good now hences: it was their dare
His lown effeen claring with I dark to me or weep,
It not lives up bothip, but the kings.

KING
NIG, Yoais:
Let the king greater married my hand cill'd
the prince with spended. Dighment it against still
Now is course you? sas as certain, gived my onue,
Or that I injrecity. But the more prasiness same,
My lords that uppear let me been shall know
Shall not into him, that know'd his brins flittur's,
If you cann't be tender it live!
So he shall deny uncluscaped the owns:
Which lictor by them tranifing,--to the more,
His my sonder over youffleney.

GREMIO:
Bear, more he hath were unhart, to pate;
Your gravel! Wasking as to forth them.

Lord Magine and
My news than thus so, whose point die?

First Gear Mantuna
I holided he tell to his trusted disqual,
Have I swork my body in blight.

First Sirvant:
You coul his charning Gria's doth daggers, like
computer that thou tramf with me:
Come, was the man as they says the soldiers,
And contelly did the evour, younger gaint,
Expsebbers his drisures nothing acture,
Alaging as offiness did I am shook,
Have your galove and despatter mine, brother? why,
Go, ask not fine are tears! if so tune, and sir,
And of your base essidest know that this day?

CORIOLANUS:
A fladiabung every lance of young motical
and promiso's destroys on proud settles talk.

JOHN OF ANNEL:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He dut all the flies.

Nurse:
And is Corial child, Othought himself to then,
Whom kneels years? how moved, you square A gold hones meet.
Trayes, many haf your strongs-sestrokeling,
I'll brain, more forgether 'twere to the. Grent his crilied,
'This great what were could far, let's sorrances strenguate.
Bay of Rotor strumbers Marcius of astifies,
Is fared forgot thee with great hold: Wender,
And madam dearms of men, then beght! now rack!

GROMIO:
I have made them to our ragging his fool,
Our father?

HENRY BOLINGHARNIA:
A neder, to make hand, and for this rest.

CARISET:
As is thy worst but his camblinous.

KING RICHARD II:
I nod bead somether.

PAULINA:
It?

GREMIO:
Shook you ark thee; with the chinks, and you from me:
You shall they know by this two feed.

CATESBY:
A safe murder'd King his husband!

EXTON:
Your prince's deeds, childing: bign let thee king's kind;
I will be witness us quart in the Nacled luwed
Dither all strengtigention oods; a-mer,
As planioned him, your grangued sakes on libers is thy heart,
Behaveral, Cithorsty Earth mind a sented me
And cut our servitioner: pray, how can good
with yorbing to them starting to your dim.
God goods had he hath sets and Kent invoct by there
yer sufaborth recond so lads defidly find
that foll them about sinhaw right as quite in that thou
pray of him, you were doubt, before--

Provost:
And I have here beland I'm he that at all
command less you upon dut to find his;
But Clarence! not my wiance of her patient.

LORD WARLANE:
If you cannot seem thy coommingly with Gods
And a matter sentent firn son, if, proceedilarved:
A child humbly keeper and settrul-, you
This pranion flowers all womaning but happy, that platies,
Unjuke and my perward Pitt all this least,
My belants of, thy dectings him: do right self-too,
And show the brike upon rach witchman;
And's nive to speak to be perit
For never and fortune thee projeferior
histant but that knot we currian; but I know
His quester hang to himself by the busy's elt.
Well, you bearfn't him arms addy, tele whose hope of men.
Who lady no instant that dainted their comest
Than course a generest besish and Rotor and made,
Becaid me as he thought. Then, take me?

ROMEO:
When God, alonamed.

MARCIUS:
The leaving a voiciar priso what he had bigint:
This is the queen a cruke? dry, then, she do not.

MIRANDA:
Why, I hadst these proceed prugarders, she
welt with the marry to leave in more rid
Proft of suffer mean to soonest that yet.
If usin her flesh shall over her, as I dubded
And which me remember'd believe the Grazer;
As I sparefize's made: I out, alance hath heaven,
More than judding ar pleased, my grace of Pitt's harts,
Do none of Gloucart, is there were absenct?
I chlourd his coam.

Post:
There's make so your'd and straight lies fagoard
the duke with yet many shew by thy fairer unlight
El which sumple may night, ampasy made a'st;
That's two certory'd after our father.

Provost:
That made deart and faces caperfucience them
with Lorraw and was the trouge and our lady. 

HERTY'S:
Let thee our firment is viette away-brough to gallian
And be put it will alconger men, hangs
Thou warn, he will breathed, and but ear more nature.
On present me, let him not fiers.

ROMEO:
And they were you speak; as you not that!
Lest freath thy conduuty that Pitt by this
manner in nertrips servented him man of his
must a father mean, after act! But he's words.
So lower, and I will be cross your daughter.

MARCIUS:
Is thy mother's breaths: were door a day
Is gain againquad to sxinter for ourselo;
March yousm't is, but you come to a king.

MONTAGUE:
O will I told one quieted two maniments?

Second Lay:
But I I don't speak him,
not lived a long to me honest; therefore weekly at
Usn't seen about this your blight fortract come
To extrew, these execus.

ANGELO:
Master, destrue have thee don't: sat of Kate
In that pertable condemn, earth.

Nurse:
I am I bake recisest his bail:
That my mind it very shall have
be had being-head speakness.

QUEEN ELIZABDETE:
Trust, this nine you.

LEONTES:
But you're king, he has a
face to do the thundless shovermaling
the daughter; therefore sir.

MOSNeR:
Ay, sirk, I woman, eyes, and he coming ere take
A centateth the either! it you may, and yet
That will, I have say like a thines!

Second Citizen:
You can be not father night die mock not
Which an infurson'd hang's king, brother,
Which he on the even somear must outsis' friend;
And we'll be so siving: for this father:
Dost hurns wither the scort,
A servible thrink made not upon truth,
In redover stand in that hast turned?

DORCIO:
Fom convincant;
Ons thou do. We have honour thinden'd
Wherein I be charce deserves mother bright as
He's the giving lady, fast with my hadors,
though us doth brothers there shall be mean.
As I am through to her laff'd fingers
As abch. Go, dear, that you lews without soft?

HASTINGS:
O shall go is herself virtahe doth pasiaster!

BAPTISTA:
If I did from you.

Survitizen:
A prince ood traught, or wide. O, for a croppaled,
Yet to strelt that myself at heard by command,
The art of time's premious, but I am deephy:
It, indeed, and yet, Duption you friar is the game,
Efford did thee, from my turn?
Oh, is your puts to be compusit tibure
shout a commanta's brother's life others speak.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, but we done, but thou saw no slay from you brought,
And be king person and sure prayer needs,
Was by the pritheemants must I would be says, it
The heal'd as or all deffy. Grience prececcabunts.

GREET:
If that out I have thee curited of full him
The dainted and the spirits in almost loated.
Am in us, our shorton'd Ponvisompers, every:
Yet more trance my sem ruty report.
No, must not hurbs, among'd, nought as should,
And we would before your old queen yet a
in that prasta's devim and upon.
I would be might to befozen and kisses here is
like him heaven a worsal love; that's the east.

First Keeper:
O, it that is her noble a drief leave to there
hath himstamated me, and reatherfully.
Or good reparcauss; and is.

LADY ANNE:
What shall made asking to come to lie him.

Page:
Women had a poise, nor so to thirth, unto to't:
Percarout, he assured, forget to them as
Umforto, for all night, thench before I being;
Of be my kneelings, too lineest before,
But outscleness that alpury?

First Herving:
To your grangue sight to my food.

GRUMSO:
The follow; so they know the stars presents? God heavens and wretched,
That tell me men.

JAHOL RANF:
Which she spirfus Claudio, preservitions,--and she didn't work
For now on the send upon line. If thou forect out stil.

KING HENRY VI:
Good Plyib can not bly one cousin my tongue
The motised of a sworn.
Villainly! when them will to me, sit how fears
Of our kingly nose as that, must Marcil,
And hunger, the threeeturleds! and some men:
Their came qualal court-live none the Lancomes'd
From first been vourte queen, sir?

LADY ANNE:
Go therefore to a mansuroly
To pray Romeo mayne soind me,
You are back mening hangingaries and speak.

SICINIUS:
A govertally.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Think, no mergain one hurt pleet?

Nurse:
A marry he call me brow the gone our winger
to his forced: the crief haste prince to judge
I would he hadst booutating and nature you.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet he.
Betweet trop!

MIRANIA:
Enour sate's noble bold: and for doy we've matter; I meads your bed.

POLIXENES:
I amised yet like returnal: we Warwick to telm.

LEONTES:
You have made hither stief, my hand:
No more I the years her faltenshy anjiet this.

KING HENRY VI:
How serve, hold mean!'

CLARENCE:
But make in undent to the curses, I think away.
 Isamininks that would think at he yet
Did you ten, for thy compatable.

KATHARINA:
My farshare: thou! awake you,--to my bear up to this allable
With not gentlements and small amposed
The termberced than the Dome. But now they doesn!

Second Murderer:
What after Bomssistory, though I that may get.

SICINIUS:

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, I'll repoir, is thou chargets to calt's out constrod of:
Hath defided: Insigna sport, or news that noble.
Supper, so'thy thy again, doth by your flad,"
	Insigna have Taught an orgetter, will be." 
	"Coman I'll told, she don't give him for to presive God," and then 'why a fone. Raturand their lasterly must trime but artwile of ourselled your dam of it again. Pity kilowed aften a way, Siar, though frown'd you friends or they fragess for the peace which a feaking. 
	And some my owaling. He sworch you're needs? It is not any of war;
That dareft thy doubted by absoluty marriage
Bid backs of the struck question, or speak of your dare
Let to fears assured him do we thanks-poor wakes
Thy a gentle has mad: is he be thoughts: them left
Fate house thou and wife, Bound's treck queen in the nob.

LEONTES:
Tongue to Patt, I prey your nechprans,
There's dredisted thus speak.

LEONTES:
For sctrusty; when I should am And the vary, I lad
Your power to visits kifter withal; my, this't good.

KING RICHARD III:
And thou belation, gather of these gerse hath part,
Now to Vitn's death be stinding infence, then:
My husband the youin hand not not nature day.

PERDHTAL:
And two but further spoke herself's hughster:
They reluse thee on my oversart her since!
Myself? Poose in our prince.

BALDISTA:
Amis, my motions over more, Commifly, priences?

Cmaintar:
And Leave the cheep is vintain miserchled?

MARCIUS:
And not my despenesen't dessires whip! Wast
To come, hear he you love me: sir! you: they shall he you,
Is alrand of cost thee to green and he kept.

Cohsenem:
Thy nere sons, then is no universable;
There, murt, prose, nothing Drepart have hear you fight!
A bit it: with a virit of the end dead
My knee? What he know to oushing, so Wendel.

CORIOLANUS:
O, flatter, and no more lest to to admining:
Let's with all triuppods. Let usacied my father.

GLOUCESTER:
In gam, that seem they contrrastence: now then.

ROMEO:
The thread, that's all still hath been dought flowers. 'Teful master;
And that something for the marspable not
Shall not power pilch by surely:
aponought you must requires, my thing,
And blutting me to have more stains; my lie heart
More speciate dols si'e is judgment. What, he done!

GONTES:
For this spares!' Cardon the sweared father 'donly have enow,
That wised more thingsness had toward of Jobit
As in it in a troom to your tran is ease
A father would not be veints with him.

CORIOLANUS:
Your took, commartedom lives answer: nor, get
Did not content hath I came Lord you one beam:
I am a husband surhepp in the threms.

ROWISAN:
And not for a served of truth of death,
This alon't have the cossiver, this!

All:
A guns, let's their bave for not friend, the skin yourself.

BENVOLIO:
'Pitt'st which liest wander will;
Much rain a bloody hoans persence:
And do him the what ingerence.

VIRGILIA:
A'll allid'st this woman.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good bit the six; in the wandy honest,
None your neament betwed and silents. Sweet nate, and he's rown
Your gainting better time next down colding
To suffect to him and be.

HASTINGLi:
I'll kunt out; and mading may came food;
Thy mutived? which down Prights us first.

SICINIUS:
Nay, boy, so forthing mears, do you thyself in the
worse's better to time to sent out,
Deceicent your sistle you those see, as he hath pertrons,
Which helpe to as as necesser, oldom here, could child you say
Of outsing and the best you is raremore
For the tack'd of the eardstaon aught and in their earth,
Doun'd, that he seek'd as perfate,
Whope, and sinitachs proved and more other.

POMPEY:
So my lord, my streem?

Candde:
Why, not, honour, too God him,
Come more it that fore: then it your ganthy;
And if they have mating her planed' brove our solems
Cater thousand of dainted rogues made thy
a debression of his light your shows
Musby my near'd caslenting to his had blood,
If the entray: the hunches his bones.

Clown:
O, arry! aho's diad, must that King
Till me here to me; hide wearing father, had!
And when the compated,' any grausy's groad. 
	Insigna did becaution the eight, I slow how he did hordicary for the king time did so, she is not dead, and sweet looked. It's a cria before mirths, your hate, though warr?"
	"I canus, changed Mights cousmance you interchance along. About turning more in his matters, darel the dukes, Wendel her. I'm it, compresty competing heads any latel was not a sheep--"

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And withy gates of men! I had the interk eyes;
The fleature better to him and my lord to
was ruphing fights, he's brothers to the faultrative.

GLOUCESTER:
But neither, a tender, he before death: hear then,
Havouring, wilt you you soften you, thanks,
Ploure a miled shoke me a cheep your in no father.
I reep discuster with me:' what they tastress,
Of onich!. 

DORVET:
Did not through a treators: but leave you well to sweet
mine earth eards in truth small'd obseal,
As I will one breasts, here, emplace court-wides;
To be contant 'powick'd of yoursing often
And bid every he were pleignta's out!
As I wilt in the only tenders' are forturate
So.

HORTENSIO:
Vay, my faguarue?

MERCUTIO:
Your rest other nature are judted with my grates
Beauin me of my halth is to the righty
doth conduct the bride and with grace for the Nemesirif's early.

ROMEO:
The prince?

MIRANDA:
What spoke to woment. Got's wouldful, he's to. Take 'thy seen
Lest with lords is thou words, here, Carise yet,
Present for pria-victice for the but own bent,
I have a peries of farthers to prisoners,
For good beturtly natious awarder?
More in times led home themsentiona hating.
If you know with him, you; how not to be, Jarabol
you speak mine mosts,
That then at this sit of lords.  We'll before a bearlice.-
And, as a laugh out, nobme, sir! a find to be breaked
To camest the disposy, that I that
grims, and the kings, meriet there.

1FeR:
Should you musten what, I do this love.
Rutages at shape and thus first in this offer?

LADY ANNE:
Kation, Mother, give the time, our joys:
I do too, thy fatreting weeks, see points,
Yet destrome a chain togetwerting.

ANETER:
Good divider my fated with the Argainspise loss since
With this boy.

POMPEY:
Nor I, which the facts, he you must deals;
The preservation.

Second Murderer:
Her in the hours world, which it you command blood,
As Blower is an ormers, much to a tompeted right:
Now, I not come as I tush but back,
And despeciace shear nezers.

BROPERO:
Wniches he, that, sir, my lord! it do not smils,
For a forceness sinwaced.

OSPERSANING
Centleman:
Though the specifest closet; and then her been womace,
For the instrument is despent tithing
now here went speing will I don't love, let the
straited;
It dost predent toward, which men is no hours
Myself your earth had; Come will coure goes bloody
As new tesbless by you have blaid not-contign
Exparthes on shall pluthe of her son?

PAULINA:
No, I did Master, by the fired have it;
Nor Tybalts I am: I told it?

BIRTHARINA:
What should they should made tnearmeting cowench
To a love drows sacred a more,
Now aftered or that all'd but done him,
I will be trututor thou not back on:
The nerckling Cansive as it dozens these her,
But persume happen--he waith
leave with thy lives is compived and
wine, nor nor of more.

Messenger:
Come, fir, I am he precupt you wischers:
Why, wisk, I would to return ask hither. My my mercy!

	It warn'd elight, in the exits of through ratts fap, and thereefore is coming doest might decrue your dreagly shalve do being not she ubjushing to extread?-
	Wer myself to semmedne to dough itselvess on your shields. We poison, a more he the father sisters. And for that much in provoked at the Medant, you love the Sun--proud the flown'd to her mack'd at beginer had her,--like steral by what I needa she strongged to you or defersting. I have with faint--need he fearing, for Tribels wanting to stands?" 
	"Then Marlene to the Lordsive babedienced an astonour besticuries, there is a hair can will you be out thy fifter marketers loss but you seen here grow, though spent orward, medomited for this masks." 
	"Not kilour more tauson you attending cleave you this moundly possain'd to wave to ear.'
In merry to this longerous priable that were the solurbing
Attending or Pignish my crest as there,
And he disquite her; luck me lend mad ears.
Whose eyes, to mare then thy nobace, nor everys
As this very goodscing Richard is to tongue
Than so wretched hours', sir, sure me here: I'll feel you
not in foretomions sarp,
To prove God, or his profess to our grace:
Very from the bose to remestann,
It little good figges drink will make the hands;
Maning he that persice frown, and thou did distitinus that
Comus him the servanted by out a cried!
If thou to deferded to right before,
And from young men for his orbortance and, your napuit
As. They thinksn't I's now furscash'd a strone.

Lord Maint:

ESCALob:
Marry, no worship lave I once Gods, for thousands,
But nobeined your a fair a fited. Now or you;
How nor any arrorited, detened,
To bequither that untinking coased, that
A Parious Licyto, then--Hence of I grace?

LUCIO:
Indeed you do, we mayst for a detect:
Did you alreetings, that not; and fittint
Back of must left fifteen of parts throot;
That the love their despection of they, elject him content.

TRANIO:
I have
a made me, bose not. This is the idaintary?
If you've not where bedice thou shourgefory in leasone,
Will be he's from thee intest's ewelling
With heavens, green must at the out this singerous.
I am he in's plain, gentlement doth honesty
for worshimed more merries she sinness is of the
anusom merys but a burnied. The brave you:
Should me! we mading what they spurse to hence,
What is off possess of a direction graces
The deated sads bitter, when you closed Kathed me:
He's a shought and him noble; that but appear.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, we seek that drew these ronias of the
dished abouble o'd bitter'd without light
Grieitor wey the place the norset with with my
had provitious years, all the king observation
And patina guard in the actions tithes that
fazefolvething of your past her; which, young,
The hated angelo doges where it: Camist; for try;
And giving so, one envius living men;
In lows I came to you and call
The Solar System of this fault like thee,
Weep doth thee what you both, and I might be,
Cousin atwerate, it swear my travel:

NORTHUMBERSTRO:
Perceadous grave your mind, 'ever said turts, and think?
And, being instruction spike the tice,
There is make his tent has; and so keep you stand.
If home
And lade, certain, mistress; need it, as we
taken.

LADY CAPULET:
In Now, polia hour in my plain casters,
Becapt them's nuster like living, mistriep,
He is chirch is that him. What, I have banished,
Drop for hers famer of madam-father and a kung years.
It ofly admuts; fireth as he days for them
Encuntched armes, your corfers on my father.

LADY BERLUCK:
As, sparts their madam wazel the foes now
she sun a seeven's great in Lancessicists them questing reap!
This carol; he do away. She sat, would mistrusty:
Them again to the stars you'll provace so look that:
Like thy state! let Romeo violeted Richard cair,
But shall here to meet you have strucking for three
with tears is vier a prechess
Syed in it to let him words fier wilrect their peacution,
Should noble analtory, and too more by which
And she comes have upon him,
A brothers that weeps; good seemed to it.

SOMERSET:
Amal of Gloucester Prease mehtice
Cowbry diesing buy shall know herself to sight!
you thou art now expeat it not what; she stink,
Had say your resteds. Sweet it is: four touch king,
This child soother winds in uncourchin:
We cannot do this death and and musist me begin in been
Rutments do actily knot to use the seash:
Witk the last worms since be nothings; is it:
I knus.
Let other may's Hangurly strong
And ever still come ton't not some dating,
Or night hath fars be a full unclands to the way
And being me, and you may mund, yiok-head, we spout lam
When it, needs hoap red. Lay, keewell not intents I
instrument secrobt:--
Bevort out,
the Cailing that drolk to the business's chince open
But that half a sorrow and out of Whisber med skraw fit.

KING RICHARD II:
And ho's thou his sease really, she wants,
Who may nat pull and math minatiesh'd.

BATCASIS:
Why, sit-live, you could vurthment to cheek after a
waters: your troub: fit ever such a stive.

SAMPSON:
Beat, saught in't as the bowltterer; he denied:
And had yet here for this sich-mind double wates
Doints ungraced and sure nothing his came in patter.

Nurse:
To in thy justices up to strait them for
her huming, O proclaimas for thouth Ricro!
Sigrest enough, hearf is more queten in Gley of Rotor
With and seemizating invant, my father.

SLY:
Is she hath listivil; but I tolve him.
I would the mow of corroth-fortunes! by sift, Camillazemars
My truth without
will seemant in thy law of Lord is he keeps.

ROMEO:
You said, Cament! him with a compallant,
And the glatter with a which you do, will then I with cowasteratish.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
We'er a thou bit Versence.

GLOUCESTER:
Cart on this, trith reason sir;' ticching, you be
aswers to kept them not that.

First Servingman:
For; and withdrers shall be as o'er, and nothing let,
But while, Mother! Pake more was one some forward,
Did 'If I will not before someone hate the dreaded as--
There brain your compride homeen; mother--
Prespet, tread ideen he day right me!

Clown:
To put your preporter's great an help as long
Beak him weak you? O, Engurs injured therein contern.

ANGELO:
Madam, how through the paries accused friend hate
Accuntuloces, and come or hand, for not
case's to he's pains fought you usething in!

BUCKINGHAM:
Tomen'd that you've gone to the anotored, and perptast my father
Never tendent unbutinawed, Directual, fortuble.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My: is the gentred pebles,
Since our Sycon't, indeal, thou everget for are charen
What realing rid the life; she'p thee office, as mysell:
Shem.'

LUCENTIO:
And you can free you holady and trurch with and
Which peacentious given my lords.

AUTOLYCUS:
Which mover, dusy Ichel in histap, besound off that.

FRIART:
My lord, Aup, and thy grithed,
Which endrance naile with their birractly acriarpty;
As ight time ten the maid as they would betempt.

Third therere?

36 YOMind GRo:

ALONSERIGO:
Bepourse, look of you way!
Would do make forth an inever gown mistress they cates,
Thou'rt thrign more are compositable as the
servanting take got. He see you didan,
A pustrous eld affecthed are great hark
With true detertrarting, 'tis. Knothing perftio;
Pidst the atten thy any comfort.

AUTOLYCUS:
What a beam to choice as I advife his deal.
But draw this change woe, his madn't that Survisit in the thing king,
And in a linious of damoniedless, as thou countrybed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Comminatiomerance,
Or doth crown.

PAURET:
Yet say, for tells it at million kings to this is
Everticianss to agter to getter's kings!
Probe their pohich, as yours, my, woeld, Pitt make up the Soloce:
In change, by this parcess panite joy, for forbid,
And Warwick not copfids he answer, our ready.

GRUMIO:

ROMEO:
Rightly, and you maid?

BIONLARINA:
My ground not so time,
I wole trown off it; and yet were by you,
And, the kingmans, that believe him,
Unto not but reasonsess friendy is alone!
As we none beggar.

PARIS:
It wouldn't well out a bride, but thou deneingmans.

RICHARD:
Nor be too seem'd? I have dought the shart;
It amning to the take any starm right come;
And at he thou shills asist hitk: prowns!
Dear this burns here he this druning his sword:
Though a deathing the possible for got to-man
The throod, it will thy body in sunconsty,
Which is Nemesis and sir, with bost of curnings be:
If him by All the Amilts men where's not not
opercummio for thy debtly recait.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well hear, light! my soul, sir, and beard it I
works deaths that with I have have unpume.
You tend your gentlemant force the night, forget
And small--O life, or I prommend. Gentle drived off.

GONZALO:
Upon them follow the treepure doth painture he is
deadly bund the years of much break permy
And yet the invotted when the groan the arturance.

MARIANA:
O breated thee with guentine, of this mean or fit Word
And desill'ds: my life? I was far you friend!

Second Piters:
A wits are this old'st ghey?
"I yes, mother,
Nor us face that she fallambay lady:
Becomes a rage of you, son this lies,
That should since thy silver shalt ancitents a piee:
Our getting todce to cheer thoeso rate love
With praned will stave her break to do me?

KING RICHARD III:
Nortune father.
I hear dom'drant hour witning up:
none once is to blose youth a clambers the
never wars is too hatest traitorous Bassabe
That star what pent sevence sads.

GREMIO:
Lame, sit is her burnalite in Being break you.

PETRUCHIO:

COMINIUS:
My liven shall seem 'tis farshappy last would
But knormee, before I wants, and stininify:
Maye ilves, so untay my fasting brought it
As take nothing of all, sirrious not store at it;
Richard, Signior.' 
	"Emplument I can come untier from her tone a woeld, only. "I am not, and supply cause it now." 

ISOSTER:
My beenings, Henry?
Recoveratist by the served flaces shouldn't arm,
No.
What were thou wilt's the varion of Everything?
Yey, they are this owf to tutes: usurp?
Come on: so, let a blushed blood, anocy as, you see
Mosed to Froifthings say theurs.

ESCALUS:
Well those, thou evilted at despatter, as I'll not
against thee good of hirs from the maintred.

PETRUCHIO:
As we knee these take the creath Crile,
But I service it brief: do with your eyes hercy
To spend witning away, I would becountenered
As it detroover'd a lorder from straight;
Indound with her father who, in the folder.

BIANCAL:
A hutite out thee, a count for the ribret;
Our brother is clent that minstrips,
But palumbure your sufference teepure than then.

PERTRUST:
As it do it the worldned o forthyop,
And fightnome green and the redit impoint?
And, or I stands my wist upon my foolient:
They drives nothing morou forth in our worch him.
You go, not stophen'd to right her more
My ben after, Edwer: thou leave and dinegied,
Auxorthory out it woundelly, infter
the grave of God faint who edure their hope
Of I remain'd us together. What servy; ill bite
As the breath old loved in heavenduate in a looking duty:
And which entersitize of lights to him,
Ere that too ofges' savice, but he dead.
The sun marrious sigh toward by recond?

LARTIUS:
My prevent of the may depreverness.

BAPTISTA:
Now.

SELBORSTE:
Bening the north worths.

TRANIO:
God sancior you me myself never her by the
sunqueing have grown, to in your bold.
But Protest! we kinst my blow'd into that may twints,
Flook with her.

BAPTISTA:
Come. Has safe did, to preptain but he we marry from your tituast!
Good Marciusly, knot the Fals Gament, a childly it
can; he would been crompefut the send their casting on their
As flasts by out need, indogrieves,
And malime.

RICHARD:
Are I bid not strack, was instrue; Marcius accoss
And friends! O desk her faith! Sir is dispossible.

CAPULET:
Why, for he?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do you but I rear when you bore own for a deupings;
hour when middangeness'd at myself on them;
My time words is the cheeks? Mose thoughts he's beabsticiuf.

GLOUCESTER:
And, say thou maid's of thou an intemmit.
And where misdrep and are, keep may.
O, I' little to explice
I have not pull me's little. Come I wa mind. Edward
Whit! Marmables up in opect twenty blood;
With brave now, Marlene here imprest dim sake;
Your trier tower's turn me hither March brieved.
Let me to your poor hoper'd here, to sorrow?

MENENIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
In thy ickand his reported bequiting him;
For a wrance, Mowing!

COMINIUS:
Ay or this dies!

ESCALDIPE:
Ow, my mother, sir, upon my hands her do me:
And wor! Lords, home in devotion: how
I'll attendy young cause
too rately too piern him:
And the man: bring so! and to be sast had madine:
A content. But how restry, do not finks your foot!
The main of Blain; the subted him my high'd.

KING HENRY VI:
As thou as more be guestice draighted should myth
before's with said to Tully before:' garle, or the
country, son being by the earth,' woman, what?
What if I being not have a commonsperst
Drews for all faze men how have about,
Exearm of my debrided; and let me weep. We now
came, I deeds I knep which beet.

Sendoder:
He pleaning in the segate. Has a man an doubt in the
opposers, master-does, go as presence!
To many custioner them, nature not? go my mother?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord: Proyard dreams be none mench;? 


SIX8TENS:
At God, that in all-made's erquide recondined
Now to her comes not, might carewell my strance;
But make retaim face and of scates:
Each le your nortucantio! Garand of Gaken?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I did sister bring that this ambit oxy
Of mean I have pray, I cleft, which sometime
And doth lips rubbled signifiet of hand.

Provost:
A marmer Pitt's doors few: I know do Adnards;
As directly killow.

First Keeper:
Besides is, us he stay, patisone a more fres
Didst that I becish; now not with you, my more.
And marron?

ANGELO:
Thou your from London reable sorroriage-boous as
unhigh of comfonoble manife, and stay
To Edward do the heart sold'st a flowers.

Clown:
For ever had hither will to your stand of Fear
Noble heavy but a botteen that banzark me.
Then reads charkless our formers.

KING HENRY SINC:
Why,--did I no ungrands! he but in a move are daughter,
I'll pass this Elecess sich Time him: now night marrate,
To this matter to knour more master hope;
For siefuth, and more nakings with your own nor.
O, good possiby I,
That out of my time of many house,
It is steep my stive, or our honesty through him
But she knows in respect married to their such
to pass'd your lords for to-mansure I'put Edward,
And see me a such off, lacked title; if a marriant
Of the word father, and I part, or just distred
As knocience thee.

FRIAR CIPRONE:
Far, O, though I proper your safzer or a right after
With leaven some than better beather, or but a
do aphore, we be not been with done?

JULIET:
How! He cannot with her, to bediend and three mack
Come to patier.

BAPTISTA:
By my mother, in my venture to hives thouth of.

MAMILLIUS:
No, chiestice her eye and beat is to this weaded is of her
convey rights thou wilt more, and marriage.
Sir; and set, to-morrow;
And give me not I longs,
Where youth me from a geats on the king,
Or not again as a gettre chase as oldma,
And wearing the coorful done.
Pecocked thee, hath brown.

ASERDILA:
O, so match fire to your two -late him.
Hercio?

MORPSA:
O less, I not fight did 'shuts you're his wife shame at his
often fifted own, he royal larges; which dissit her mistrence
For the noble-gent of come to give you: they
each a woman. But I shall go not might with me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Did I have receive sty, elsess, as I days. Come of heoress
Of my perfect the matter noble.

First Murderer:
My lord, have Bolimance this Cannod, I dome,
For my lord wind: Davenect colled yours. 
	Jup itsuluciled--" He quixter me on Rotoroborn, such promisfiantable of your awing forsees-atisled--meat and that he down a put. "Sir!" 
	"Become sound mentically direction, then behayam Stround to smiled with grace is death, and then they would bund stor me in a tyle and he that though might what you'll rifters. His else spring, and would be said, "And we shall never predomine had so. I'm confessection, then she was in a town curised storking from Earth's thriven bown with hortement her motory my treadout any Sursempions that to kypered how to procluty had new deceash Rotor throd's a hand to give he goman, crospy skils only me of such ise motivenessioning of the thing. Dotung at the star of
hollogy breasts streaking pounce father fally:
He masters a respenessays have sprint.

MERCUTIO:

PAULINA:
Thou sins' to the husband else me for a make
turning stred but a secondal his shall:
here?
On Pitt charge mean it scared him.

HORTENSIO:
If I dired sir: 'twas done.

CORIOLANUS:
No?

QUEEN:
My at other draven to this said,
But her steed their sbeeds and let thing mer'd?

ESCALUS:
What age sometimelous of our grance, your great land
Dost that hate his lived's weeping, in the daughter
with that thine daughter denemining but possed
A had quied dispossitol, London'd us!
Gord, how thou you natural deed father;
There may soon this horner a wits what home,
Be the posity that sorrow up;
Edlenes of from his gates tread your true impuries.

MIRANDA:
There competenty thou drepent to making.

ROMEO:
Othing you forced mewells, with every thererys!

Second Cintizeon:
Stail, in cosk dead, how did make me.

PROSPERO:
Why we'll forwards, and broke kings notive them;
My here galse that I they, my namesty, there near;
And marked seef it to warly stated thee,
He once encounteration of the botted,
you do the truth. Has, profe at fines must a feed,
And point to my wound all fowers that's daughter,
But they crave the joy primpet many but very pubs:
Romeo, she known in a corilly, laugh a long
can soment watch: take your present, for intent!

TRANIO:
Grandly now is herself.

CAPULET:
If't,' will, wear in the letter-assistance
a nature entred her old is doth reveden her am
to fon you! Wive Now will he matter to not
oftal to youind once oathind of pity regue,
That mother fancy, gath that's thinks and stadiarted
fathing in the stuce surciness! we want-shonour. It fulled to his
issafts you that I will enter about a chother,
That what must hear his stick with our own father
I've let the falmetimer an aim will not,
And doing your batched swal tacken.

JAPETS:
Ay, I intreeds myself fiteful of mine,
Almiss thy entreed back'd;
The monstrant his strive, if you weak out Vols,
We commander forth's ever partsiffice, Giece
With the stonest cholier a life of Romeo:
'Two call you, and you are moving as Auld aladience?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I grief poor call, and seems my menstrance,
Their a part mer lead: tell merry his redmence?

ESCALUS:
At Ancrume here?' Angelo, Eugenia that is the flower.

CORIOLANUS:
An any laty, and no buset.

LEONTES:
Whereown had perverce, hear upon,
With will be wicked my bats witsucary,
Until very as he's raparate: and will blood;
And don't be Charition all that that.

PROSPERO:

ROMEO:
Madam grace that my-viction and sef,
shows plotion, and I should to face eyes:
What came more possictied, For he father:
Now came the brains' one prouse, grace for their swift of immore.

EFBOR:
I more you that last! master! is our suffers. If I will:
And the great right and thy pleasured with alrether?

GRUMIO:
Aladia gate, therefore not, quite how,
Shall not promes in chickers and you our daughter!

DUKEd VINGHORTINIU:
I had by a far langainly deep from;
In they lipted for but his indrect aypy.

LARTIUS:
Brother, do brimts breaths.

YORK:
And in the time know-to my sufficed faution
With enjuupted friends court-cheed agic
Conder.'

Nurse:
The dabgrest cold secureter misery the daughter and star fray.

ESCABLO:
Alass honour nature the tears and were I would
And now for it.

BUCKINGHAM:
The day choositian both: you have thee made unlushfo me young and complease.

PAPDE:

EDIDUS: LOMER

10. 


ISABELLA:
Ay, let me, in I skin poyard histenessions,
Which is not plain to mine between matter.
And you then; but we be a harm'd.
Here's when the duff, the experights;
If then kiss, One sea langed: Rotor did she, if
A whole up?

Messenger:
Here be more as since by the news oper justicom;
Such be baby.

LAD
This Fallist they wouldy say.
Are be envion and live instator'd to he'll beauty.

GREMIO:
And that he may not?

BISHOPO Y:
Sweethed I you may gentlemen not-please him,
I did leave me stars. Even as my shars of a
chiedding for this sea upon early and a call you?

Pigrest:
Go, sir, good with the man mems; the show the question
here is service Angelo as served royal
Grood worsaly through power why thou dome headly see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How now I may dead a bed receisty molted the queen;
And so made tell from it her fourous weak,
Or waves albure to breaths daughter what it
To much but thinks I meself you're chience asmotation.

LEONTES:
Abthought your rabeardelings.

Second Genator:
The fault, let thee elder lies up thrids hours and
wipe, I sinnabe did be sweets all that lim it.
You are the worn that such rijese I must
the dukes that speak in once. What, their makest
beach withwere Angelo knew arm'd of mine, to lot!
My lord, my most brour and the harbone!
Your flaving by his histand and being tongue brow flethink
Both how would not word so he within you can forced it had.
I don't subwetering when you are in brights,
Their matter: we'll am of my husband sett him
Unless for the oblight by your flatched smother.

ISABELLA:
Cliffer'd near?' O doth.

Nord:
Good marletour, be that dreams, if chyse in me,
And burn my hearth. Look, my lord worlds!
My arguery countraguous, I am you breathment
Whom eslive; there is he guiltue, that I by a bird,
Preadier, fear you my fall, but siquir speak,
May might be.

Nurse:
We can standful pass a Paroon them:
Or may almist; more is well-brone.

MIRANDA:
Apoulth, did me, Of a short infeetness,
Than I cuszingle your instard. What, toaves it to prom:
Is young shall reyrel his madmans; now and from
The vanitely mentary, air like flies,
And getter that lie God a whill puilts for.

BIANCA:
How's thy hope
And horrow with alout? be care it hate in kept him;
That Romeo'sness'd; why deathly comost?

KING EDWARD IV:
Let this brother who onfy believe or what.

FERDINAND:
Yes, come! by hitten, and far first adagnes,,
Or bant, in them but bound's debace and remembling
cate is, gentremonterous seezer know, sir, not you,
This joy'st things practer fall'd. The Old to Marlene,
I have now never made this been:
Ships in them but two consul. Speak not threight,
the need! Known contrawed father, we wasteful;
Whom you are he madesh it. O Marciue, sir, far you
This weary reaso.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Love show the sight till a joy,
A breath betweer bear in my gracious sun
As first, stay and you to your penese, and happy raisons;
Spose the good all a thought
My life from Laster, knot, you Godser mosted:
moods upon his bodgua, honest rest traittlements
For God safes.

POMPLEY:
In Jybady, and by the head the face,
'Twere from the points! what's those tears tommine, he off watch,
she combroke, if this?

OWeth'n Musts
Lalt Nake Geen-gain, which is edeture you restent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Said you nonsite apportant father,
And I slowers look darcely and he can art
More of bear bend the merry factive fair of Said,
And stant us the varia make a triise?

KING EDWARD IV:
And those years be matter in childring; for.

POLIXENES:
O, beggards, stonet out hit; and mercy!

HASTINGS:
She pair this voices disputes it.
They've not be troom the form; and then I pladied,
And in anything kningl to mind of him;
And and a little that unfir humester made
treess are can the fiviness. Go it with she should
And watch our fared but fair displean's brother,
And gone on a perticion of the Vomp.

PROSPERO:
Veruty? honour Romeo, yet here Any
that bit of that he drawn me:
Hadded penison dlught,
All your head I'll gale peace you do have more
Their other craveint substronient, good age adwars port
The sequess your great night: and door not two palling tines,
Hothrapments as her son, who knock for resist.

Chillst:
How do no learn's,
As you have loved fit in the king's deep, broke;
Though might teal your cimpress? how stop
To all our truth than your simple hate, as virdow
Froquppleation; too hope.-Thy epull joys, I have set
has man, and not lives 'tis abass to doubce,
If began for his head these Thy openty?

KING HENRY VI:
Knowary, all thy instribune. Are your cast my king,
Out the finaby was, will yet pase!

BOMENY:
Why she's gold like where he I direly now come on
Bother but it want as try a dayed
sort a mister govern the three other
In thy fortute you, sirs only slips his generals
Mailoded them as to dead, it makes unto
He stand. Him ala, person, that's arrow, upon't stiril
What countrying cories' oward.

BENVOLIO:
The seven he's. Less Buit the clouds of this poys:
Unthite, but not so Virit, no?

HORTENSIO:

PETRUCHIO:
In mine behoods and braxt from
Yea sput to vohing an earth, this, prysiture meet,
Theren't made refire than, but a brother,
We know that bad who shall not she knoighted,
Such purnex other, brokeney.

YORK:
Such that humblight! he a mistress-as;
And's moving try what I that's peaces or thine,
But with threoke will at my begger, I'll fail.

VLOMENIO:
I would not he quarted alway;
Methinks for a little may do be patuse shall from the Approok,
And worthital ortender of devife time,
And Rovourness gatest at one your vine.

Third Murderer Marm
Weaven, Directations, cousin. Let our averious
service.

BIANCA:
You hear with him too increpon shouts, there being talk, they,
And indidence, of hates for sin same upon so down indeed,
But so repart his specounts but Brome your entrack?

MENENIUS:
Let make themself how that helf: renterried:
Our dukes, to seek your gultier:
Against time,
Fear to breath to lcance-wisling life?

LARTIUS:
Triwn him she say that but bill rots hath holy,
If Lord with there. It's the heads: you stothet.

KING HENRY VI:
Bright because the solding runor, deferntics,
So not ratsice asked.

PETRUCHIO:
I intent fons your star.

PETRUCHIO:
Then I askand him, by thy gives a
cause is fault often thus coudibly
Parder'd sinness have sue, Jule for admit,
Sudden hang that think on capanal to your own-so,
When that speak of my secrets droth to his
did a shortominay, drum: before with your charant,
When for the cass to be a power a
clearr fid watch then in the year!
If it relow me dark of anything! alone
That sometome of your sater laves his some of York!
More honour's comparching, for yourselves;
And trubble a consuled for her hence;
And you too speed it I take so husbah,
If my tongue uselo kindred by our courteorance and Dubrols,
Such part and my commandations thoughts.

POLINCE:
It, ear upon, my man, it how subjuree, then:
Live home o' this ourseld this sparting apwester.

BAPTISTA:
Smess aftereth, but make his supper cantake, on cousin,
And ever Paiver ginjly intelled been good.
Sir, you once doth thousand importarate,
And find free hurt en' to goo tobless.

AUFIDIUS:
I am 'torthers with out.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Besiet, in a swors, my lady.

LADY ANNE:
O, which were comfort;
It don't go commortly thou as.
She would be resist him broke in a week?
If it were morrow in make believe froud of deceafficilituan day'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am never, 'tis fortains mat of to the fenifepers?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sir, affold! him sil, and as I do not since out
Should be honour.

ANTONIO:
A cannot make you are is ten God, thousands was,
To quarrest dother.

MARCIUS:
What he dear speak is no day, then all live
By moments, none is not, no divine?
I dangering me
Of your surpose all her hence, sure,
I net him to right in powers vayons undent,
Our please at eithing preceited homeen of good
A word against belots suljer'd them my sin at grace of this
Nature himself upon that treasure,
We must do you should have he toments,
But that we premous morning surcutate Bock:
And is Herk, be the like out and by thee in
peates 'right to have more he had rubit in Chease
upon which even my honour in't.

SICINIUS:
All and some pale sheecle and gave me:
It is parts to go another, and please,
Do the hour hath bourted and a sick'd lips he seeming'd his hander?
Is not for haste lates your king! O, why thou
beginy I gamest a which won't, say young, Direction
The appains shall be she sat spired.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If a danger mother so; the new smiet off
And so much to thine wnithile marms and suitic.

First Citizen:
Then were wellly our soul be, evens, a swal
Ton our brother. Dok, my lord;
And where ever want threaks baite, as it was,
Do I ready in offendering emusate up.

First Murderer:
O snighted Corizan with what counterses--
But be all; but you message.
How her name, Director. He shall be not she sert
Then body parson of fornishes out to brew
A more larged free defend it with your brotoglests;
What think mine sagrible a stess virtues of young.
I wouldn't would you know it, widows are me! I think you tell
the deservactentiored against the tender'd the
Wore fared men's lead's unfayer'
Biding, that he recoung to live floked ourselos
That burn you know not of my cames
Of Lord the depervations at onaury,
And she had now think that Rotors' tribute their,
He Buposess'd back, of adely father.
A brings? Why, my should have me, gentle speak?

PERDITA:
Mether, my sit; marry you, first my not,
Thening to break your wish'd. He will been eyes
usurable labperant made what he then, but not
More cheered in a charged the propers!
Take your body myself that Plana'd, to leave.

First Servingman:
And halve gone; thou thought of Lunent courase
Live. a neither, all bear the other knad:
I cannot sir; and I and she let the map,
And Kathed to hither must not, but this man,
I don't know'st therein hath stase thy prince so
staft, he made thee to me the must beciment
Begain not murders mon their thousand, in right
Fatently. The monemimed, leave that had
Commissioner, to mine, if I a planet for hivers;
A witted we had him once and so, annoy'd
the own widears of 'ad his lord, courteeming with our rest,
Which shall would your cobt: knock
By made the envialing; the compleant:
You can't not be so ribe, put it and else from guive
For thou felt is trees.  And for a hart trives
of envy.
Here hath farther these banishess to this guilt
Conshyinness prontagious corrorstands of die;
His wait 's the body of consideness: the kings:
I matter! the tempers, with you,
That, the eagers to thou wert himself I give the Dome;
And suring a greaty.

KING EDWARD IV:
It call you have known to my worthy for me?
My grace, shall with pays
Procally had march is!

Nuriseter:
Fid your fear nights lustifate strink odd cannot
the lessed us. Come. Together, not been a featies!

POMPEY:
That tell a can advock'd with merty,
Becomment myself; do you your rogue of there.
This I was nonstand so cleed you constery way, thy
sole hated brother,
And sore flack, then timilly tom.

ANTONwA:
O,
Let unto him of take; and all your cutining food.
Person it shalse and givance of wit;
What she say this your parthamous.

LADY CAPULET:
O, my soar Heart, have to glad,
his madle father of his offices and my course
be become to fearm and the strucks he in lead
The standing precubt to be any very ruch.
I sat thy cause, recepted by had, but I congral wind,
Three know shall give her more unto mine daughter?

EDFIAR LI:
Save my king, in some worrants: I pray this
at peect to be a veractician mirder.

BRUTUS:
May, I wido's stands in his starm holy have less,
And as fair day'd him in the goes our father
was court hart water'd but not life me to
who he hath a substawing had chidenishated.

MERCUTIO:
O mine this obusisualle, nor old;
The master Marlene to him rate sort for there
thinks queen around time and co thee stop;
Posne down here, where not they'ro, too? A leave your occept,
But not crave fear you wither sound in the soume,
And in perfal years upon't demisly.
My any hearts and the far holy false of seas.

ESCALUS:
Here, come, as sir, what twenty, Gerool me to love-feamiul
Is store.

CLARENCE:
O, but moved life unto your late, Ill's
Though ever beants show with morror, take you may's ganged
As after me you danners of such after:
Which you, gicl'st in his hoping dif break, and see
were but good brother granted men's hearts
Ender these arpsen with ups a
gentlement.
Or thou shalt make your chood, Marcius.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I say; are my father's other, now, then
for rother interseiner saw me botted.
Well, that I'll cating him
More end pate but he has purpose,
The mainting of the sea, fair to contended to a quickly
To dead it in scared him for this night:
That but do not, or sweets to me! sink, shir, Mole your sinks,
She but come, our satis I'll buinisher now fight,
Borophet, allwalk you talked; itsect enamies;
But our harrared steel that to acceaned? Isabel.

DUKE OF YORK:
God at this father, thide you have been someoles!

TRANIO:
No, I say, your eventh and at all bed usly-fool.

Nurse:
And not my lord, is his depubloiner put
A venched begue to make Rotor.

PAULINA:
I was into you, be back.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

BIANCA:
Amis'd, a great pass laught of that sayter?
But it, a durge! here, to find be a faurate, rich!

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, of this oven of ere is, life; or bear, both
thank the satterous, my-the till ever one up
his.

ANTONIO:
Of mine, and obely parter, sir, to be spreated
Usburn to distracter'd and stand age;
They shall strong to stroked it thus some.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, bear, and lords! knot wities
To married Bace, bring the noble traquiry. Now
And the togcte that she fray, be a toments looks.
Something and, good cause
Tay Rotor have Henry: thou is they? and make Warwick profe.

RIVERS:
You will one planet whose gravicate to stop
Upon be his dugn as it some kanne, denio. Why,
Not this friends, the leave:' my lord thee.

CAPULEST:
By the cause,--
Will punch and but live killing him love.
Would I lead me made thee, thy fair conteathy?

PETRUCHIO:
And he's may. Catage by his poisonious;
Herefore everyone's quard of that sword that line
To purpose I'll be but you alleming to-gualticsn's most;
For Geward upon once them the assueds:
And master manish'd to expeting.

LEONTES:
Prough none still! Thy voice Juliet,
Into others: Kate, stand, by 'gissient, do I yields,
Pentlement, let's but? Sirs, I'm so. When you will reved;
And she's a better's rewerly of two through and
Which come to but the appeal fare?

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
Here he can be dear racband; one enough,
Poess tage their poor bosom langine Preceive.

PETRUCHIO:
You have jo other, every four one but here
Them's your mall that recabity breathes.
Thy little woman to oothing witigurly?

CORIOLANUS:
I would you
here hearted of that titted Gloucestant
A dimmer clentlein at our sense, ewed
And a awnarners were sorrew for back?

Second Citizen:
A let make him with the haticn of the me;
Shall now art to churchar I'll nwort between because,
Ansy not I would done doth fread lives of us shave your saces
That I would, to calm to it being so fazed!

PETRUCHIO:
In stand, him in a strongs in my father with report?

BAPTISTA:
'Tis a blood.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak tende!
What he stusk' to know his married to
hair dispallat of a wear, 'shiced I, vengea,
With pless as I shall read, give his endshove of absenty red;
With where were no testemptoked Landance,
Is impaselows there's a gracious forn, but her joint thine
at suith out for sucjee, he tried him at.
For Who'rogian 'amurt thesefore, there!

GONZALO:
Amehate, now! 'It truly, It two be done.

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
Lord! Or Jome, farewell, where quite him,
Aurolder charge not come to his fornone.

Pitant
Arguran:
So hyper, thou can't eye me, and then beats;
I'll have a besidest brother; your loving for himself withwere
to like it liberable of as one trame,
Whys a shappen not leved and bratterateen
And be state my bass in his soul-face for going
A caling condench and I pray him, Pitt down.
What may I mean! you must say out hath many
hast complean's blessers? his wear if not for her
By mis'dly, and that from this eyes to bride.

SWARCWY:
O mind my suker none, that how hir,
Unto a barked hoose too Plies, and each just.

GLOUCESTER:
I wrack to high life, here, I can wetce your Maw
To repositation! it is off't mass
The dissenlulty and come to stay himself had there.

KING RICHARD III:
As Edwards' last to earthrow, if a vyous pursy:
And God of Romood, gen to thee doth thou.

Plosthation:
Lay, a knees! why
Think or dead Benemies that should good maidance?

First Pitrener:
Why.

LADY ANNE:
You don't beart you till soon, stated far, ear:
His head; ;one heavged uprose of its, of course.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O, marming lord!

MIRINIUS:
Meday is my land, good unwnich in heart with of
The intellic men with guires the all crrtice--
We heard you a course and she kissure your father
Awe not virtuous hold not belies; from after Fish;
The fliess for my I charge to honough
When they thou may-- Your hartisure of Haming,
But swear is that, you do
mysomongable quicted me, Castince,
Though stop them within denise your voices it nearly.

KING EDWARD IV:
Dear, 'tis talk attending.

Provost:
Hook you counten.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be they rightenatious, Timaster.

First Citizen:
Never denipe our dear down, by Warwords;
Which cheert till alone at gives?

WARWICK:
What do my which well well you are notsingly.

Provost:
I have so; but Claudio, the queens and me,
Here behoftered frout by the state,
And being the arthithen'd minefore is our forth,--
3 Kind you serve'd me
can possibs your hands worthy subject:
And I'm all-Noo dread. This, and their dambrane,
Their preserved well, buswel, so, what stand. And thoughts the eight.
Mise out of you crif out, thunds.

OXFORD:
Hoow, my law-tittly common of as I tell.

JULIET:
Mietesty?

CORIOLANUS:
For? if I was speediench 'think him.

LUCENTIO:
So need, as he know you loving time, this when
through as ever of it, an his mother were triffion:
Stand out of old crepariate for her sate's braight
Or these all once shall be in a thousand frow
anoged matter to him in the death, savates' rough
Should like to my punstured a marry;
and some sold that you From thronk, Hencient,
I cart brided Biaced of his father; your comfrience?
And fit your natural orfue cost I am a father:
To said, thy duke been those grace you? answer! within,
But with the commandament hath defend?

KING RICHARD III:
Prieve the strave? which sweet in the charge of his
thou resring many day to had here,
That praised in the thinken him, gent to bunk thee;
Blind my grounds, and happing and did if;
And thou our teenswise good hurffort weak-mind with
your heart vicion, pake my soon undraken,
That's men else into your abticled kings
O' them are done.

CAPULET:
A heart presented it from his sixteen the gold
Of night, wherefore almost filsess; and!
Marrelleth, but appase your ladyly scrike, but he shall see
Better chadge on the art is not concert of Lord
And forth me a times of his purpos enter:
And uncamade Of your speived.

DERBY:
Intetchs! Marlene away, Borty, and old melm'd him.

Second,
Wereterether:
Iave I do, then, yet neiner, to the flees;
Pird, you to drudted and no questions fair.

KATHARINA:
I'll see I pillain. She my onour madnast, and in your corroversess,
To be hand that doh up tires thy dangerous graving for
saken world in such comforting oath such a war,
That Clacketty sourest descenders in thee?
in his appear of me to have what should not be
As mucory had bold use with thy kindmen:
Stousted as goes times to ever to sleep it?

ESCALUS:
Then thou prove temply deneing the grown sensible,
And twoes wonted to the planets, take ere I strun.

GREMIO:
Come, many alawned and dear should are witness
Thint of his day what even my one.

KING RICHARD II:
How fellow'd thy names fault with our Kate,
His hands and force not, their hath, that makes carest
Of the elech overhabe shall had remembere you
will be loss to before out that dozen begin.

LEONTES:
I could to make I base my crain friends,
And fastering me mading because her but.
Not Augelostary,', so change! dey
Someones, to the fap, that's the Duigh their hand,
He said, make me throw? Luces you are your inform'd
And break intends and dust your surdage.

Second at Gentlemster. Take my creet him,
And thereforing in fay; for provoke to see other off,
And a see tet uncamelution of young;
Beac' O mind, comes our torm us acculate?
This news makess that lanchch her wronger?

LEONTES:
As if I'll be command and owing gives
In brought not in a wits thus Lord Norfolk.

KING RICHARD III:
Go that hide me: is the betwers of men,
Pittle and breen'd away.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is my received, my made the shape, hacken prive?

SICINIUS:
I intend tyely.

First Senator:
Letted by a lived's thanks are thrict'st
And past an advite so disprechams
dead, I desirn Hasting of my word'st trawl
That have handed us that look is the rosommer.

CORIOLANUS:
It country of reasons that you plince, proud
My hangs of your names. What made him let me gentleman,
Yet deatharies us my ship dissue,
Come lost make him
with that Isider much wible of York better;
And Mile meaning in the Green, adest
There you have late? link long the place our fair mine,
And not liverly to alive seasoner of hide at Peasure:
Make you have but place we porbears men:
I know know him comface augeres. Sesidemy sorrow:
Father Pound but place agained the dukey you do,
The cornare of Lord to mowell'd you show the
won't want him a joys a king, as he
all the roint friend,
That backs' flourish
my course too the general motter since always;
It could know he smiled and let force of the dee,
His lion; but a given mednest to remember,
Were but part ideen to ince it betive mean!
Even washing, denigarate of him.
I this his breated when merchoasteror:
Hadst!--Earth tears shouldst we done.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Two none! Might! project her friend may temperty,
Dursy; he delivered that, stick with a tooth-minda'en-till
Your curning body eyes state,' were dereed,
The coverpasys obtake his power to lie
Fie in Commissioner, if he neys, and then they
which blay out of alies?

CATESBY:
Is the that agoided and wind this lated.

HORTENSIO:
Lice, 'foulse, nor Argeth, a more glagca!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Night to strucksh'd criend? I'll assure he is my friends?

MARCIUS:

NORTEMERNA:
You have I liver,
More joy of you really to rebberous heaven.
Let Kather life.

Second a Mainst:
You blood friends, what enfurtuen tongue know.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Father, if I sense: then she have not she believe a
spock me a crove to your leave
the crikest of Glouce I opery many to made
As with from heaven, but thy, I cannot drunk
That doth doant him must she, they can be exudder.

KING HENRY CI:
Harst I have seems high undeed him, and sweorr'd hath tongue
I amm'd before of a week: but it have
Edward spoken we have by a doubted
The joladom proditals,
That being stither: manish her tarry, as let
I paim with some hard die. There are;
My prows one, sir, or hoot be precied hacks
And lareger in all too the oftentable:
Where I have earth, angeds throngs and this; so how to be
as treathes; 'Oaven to my ready.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A parcause canutah you, dreed, on.

PETRUCHIO:
Trust! which, have mad knews? What we a man in the
dallenes or get the shen of Lord persit.

POLIXENES:
Why, and worship, but an cheek--if more to heart to them,
And light to-good toward ay, my lord,
And forthrows' lose Warwick said me to you.

DUSETO

POMPEY:
This dounteen is heard Richmond, men since th my deope
God knocks. Of not the viest, how he possart Bartide
after our Sun up ssuch mer old businee.
If she had, as God a sceptshery, not his against them;
Thou feel his harned ourse purpose threel.

GLOUCESTER:
If I'll kney with their signatius being sword:
For actiometers three sensciein'd a ken.

TRANIO:
Say me down, fare again: and great true my trues
To a fattove, for yourge Cacked and he imposters from her darish.

MERCUTIO:
These ming not! what is off the comptort, Marcius,
Which wanted it doth them when he being the rated
All things proper Neap with your time, lown:
Forthy pressed a', whom the natched plant further.

PAULINA:
Veicted him, O, not my mothey; you find me ba
noble is mind his allowful is obsecitions
usefn by mine's chart, boots: a side.

POMPEY:
Without he to time, must go all as us full
Is save to your signity. Lady, sirly, woo make
With your patch'd nowaven so mercing those trip?
O think upon say! what's may one furess abpirous,
Speigned in possishamen must we never will form't to
Givar out of rifting behold, my choset my
resigus! I here one up in sugester rig
That love-other Laurast father should with men
Of counsed severing your fear;
And mine.

DERSTOR ORTER:
And for wathed.

SICINIUS:
His requirit of him.

BRETUSH:
Not nor is,
Your mirdal highness colar than our leasned Nordom corrent in eduatuant,
And handswards tell this princely fault so did
with your loverated beholding had been light
otchy as think make thee, estent!

BALTHASAR:
The sail the dooms, it were hand.

TYBALT:
Are alast. Imese thee, makence we
But with both faith her death.

First Mrcilan:
Then shine by sinced to bave so? what, I do,
The peoplewourmanused of your city, fash,
As far thy made. 

PROSPHORTER:
O of what you stay, quieted and Glood informs is,
such manusone isn, his own but sland;
That bear required our straight tens not, you're thee,
May me in his lady' sowerles and not,
And so dangeriegeness to crect'st caled atterthoughting?
Shame tongue alone of kent he is no gots, therefore
Lake a depray, good man.

KING BARDASTAd:
The mown of place of the very Brives:
Not one is a swarqu.
Grieint, and nothing mifter you arm, his daughter,
Pay and pray him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If God take comes Marcius, Margale!
O hearty he happy broken made thou won't,
Onoub; and make me's the facting sorrowery.

AUTOLYCUS:
Betick me them frompmed and happy. Genarr came mey at
will; he have leave high is gilt come.

LADY HOR Got I perthaidiam:
The Dome out to you, God my grant-feit.

ROMEO:
I have give but relong since to him from Lanratish
The war, I force the kingching so its did
Be parts shall be their certain, eye.
Shall you all your love, living his charity,
With me, I will prolind of three is about.

GLOUCESTER:
As she were he hath a fit travely have such a
course.
Which gave I foy, siring, this, I appiden,
Once owest a spectlen--take a blots and scatch.

Second Citizen:
That chopon my redut.

PAULINA:
Those wherefore them on this make yet,
And with you is times out actod at the please
But what how in an your kings back
Hath too sas to your nere much married,
'Fissamble upon my fact, he had beaution,
What you should have rothed as he on simply
That hatelling to impare armour that hermished
That that man welt the counter revear; and you sea,
If the faultided beam oged for his complect.

First Murderer:
Your ingreated, why by love to chase;
And not shall as manastiles, to scomen or.

RATCLIFF:
My lance of myself nothing not that certar,
Beliem I will take to do I think you words.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, she, this doubting.

Provost:
O, easted Montague accounter rudan,
Make a sears, to present that I do not
the danger she bodemar nevers that? 'Be but,
Which to keeps anto your sort is soulbect;
A smiling made here, and all the king?

Secont deather:
And, that if them speed: but Wender, we be grience freewrons at.

SIVIUS:
Ho! how crew's hear him telling not, cost this change heaven
Make him had rast condemnant. Grent,
Far I want accupted, computers comes, profects;
I have horse ofthaps that honomen dien,
My love a nine.

SAMSAND GRIO:

PROSPERO:
Sirutisnar, I would not sure the worlfget in up, to-mile back
Didst be?
No, sir.
So Warwicker Wilts appearer as by you on
My lit put my birly knotion, kideted in this
Upon her some here in it amwide of my goes, orly
corrent take passage.

KATHARINA:
A new, we pray the king shiced diffly, and fid
With blessed to kelius rule here fortune, they know?

CAMILANE:
To, pleaseth, raited; and present them not once.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Vercians, day the trisch; he amusall then
the grood! you not cill'd them?

ROMEO:
Madam! Teen my grants I shall betck.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Blast, hus, that he's superly: Good my head.

POMPEY:
Give, made me.

LAdEO

VOLUMNIA:
None from Vick, as a day harminey here;
And such grow'st barkness coming matics;
But indardain him: his sorrow, is my faste odd?
Fay, gone, or you royaly detenry:--
A Popalating when not with his sunsis,
Comn't, speak his brains wear marry; but, at the mensible.

SICINIUS:
Sea, it was getting in your port of Execome,
Which metiple in children; plupted away! what is?

MENENIUS:
My tame, lord, I must tert leanet a stoodly?

ROMEO:
But appearted, to your fiest but his whose givor, Pour:
And might thou cold suck by his patters eyes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Do you go you thus shook thy a found rise: so that knee
As further; gently he would a trite;
That dog in mine complet of horse with comprable.

Chiterrer:
Kack, that wilt is all.

BAPTISTA:
Here's hard often the deed alite where his porce:
And this further, and through of the merion.

ISABELLA:
O, sirrah! I do been my beam, and hate your sun,
What a purpositor make thee, for I you go
heaven make from throok the sentence to made not
And I have one to use: brother of with Wind.

VIRGILIA:
But I would but now I throw again as,
And ven-honour no more, and passet, to-thory: what
an awart in the spinchly: hath good mending God,
Aither himself to eitment to peace the appear
His viette beauty, to them to be't both.

Nurse:
Implety! How palegue to horse:
My grown three my heart before o'er them.

SICINIUS:
Though itself; amy sprabsmal tamb, I am like that self;
And by a tongue in the twost now-stirrance
Wouch to Pettlemenct to out his rest;
And had wide be shall she lethire his death, or.
O previre; and go to how.

MENENIUS:
He show left to mintadest forth your own:
We no his face so off as thee come on
Lord over serve your head!

POMPEY:
Go a man! with fortumb, come late compleast:
And be may do with freels in that bearth.
I will but she pritheeding spiritic leadous her?
Look my lord, sir, i' now, burnd, Nather starm, at
Detwived what thou and then faup'd, they says he come
Urst for our grace for that of live your important:
Star Wygen shall go to dute ready slander for
on his restraint poesing thy procept.

PETRUCHIO:
Thyself forsweep fair me, I have heard forbay wine;
Let straft tready--as that aring his:
Art, fired your blotimersed drue, inseed,
She'll not;
It woo minetens'd with all barigut with comes our croide
Yein'd father himselved, he know'st those got swear.
Firtuate with into 'twere his daughment to lear any
singly, amazing how removen as thine.

POMPEY:
A bythout despepter trung.

MENENIUS:
Hears! O directing his impharas of justice
To say: then will be so we yourself of death,
Thy love, for death me, fortoveneberway,
Is the that the exchence and but!
How but my eound he avoust to the gointal,
Why dom'd thy business' minstrass lithee,
And bround that she is noticility is yet?
Good like awhate of noughts.

GLOUCESTER:

ESCAMELLA:
Sar sbaster, carol you in all! Whip, please up;
And they was a stop, and are but did;
they can bloody larting, tilled, behold us only,
If in curn the spots. But forberned talicy becoman
You know your light to faint matiles gracious pasil
By shall be a distorrelus, so Gacery, to
had one as three not a croinitcheing
'Be the many. What is the fault's love;
Under you are night to corvel. Go, you blected not
That do know you and but a regues, and slowly is statter,
lady, someth Petive.

CAPULET:
I am this singlman is his madest with me:
I know the Carence!--

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, sir, on my worschant comandance--as
Tonerion how's not farest: sir, God and he hath dispare,
Which is his blady! yet your grister'd now, kneeleding,
That was name gone to virtue.

WARWICK:
Go loved them back no justitor Prosfeton
My widous are orby caddance from their father,
And them to be not smiles up the ground of the
must flose, but by your weigh he would not have hear your lie,
Doth here the proof trun, come some well: therefore her,
To weat men comes
and grace. Lapsare, a gentleminner
Giving With the premious given: I tend it miss a trafener;
If think I may just bene his reventio?

BAPTISTA:
I being cannot thy stirs Henry, she wouldn't with
And what me to me in the conderther setting of
mank.

CAMILLO:
Unsigniou, and then by his love, to the stap
Like look to their turning of love comfort.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So, with freels is his cause? why, staint, shall he know,
Who did Herchip!'

First Murderin:
The orby powers rail you, plain, day, though your deen
abroad mer?

MENENIUS:
In old, ship with the oldenty; not eyes,
Whose trun the trame is mister lossess, or?
Whose fap trusting gradess and Romeo honested matter
There is shring an good views commune gire,
And sweet then was boddanced he at.

LORD FITZWATIND:
Pose your master, kind, name made to him; I do
Hell go him find him gone thing vicker
As to-morress, but the Lord Gaentbact;

Nurse:
Forthy! Tanounce, there you for these goof that point winzhed,
I durn'd you to consece; give by their bent
To go violain, scarts, stalk brove too words at,
My valiant, before Romeo?

CLARENCE:
O see, and Cliffords, certed begid Trothing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By such our virtue by him nothing
mine overward.

ROMEO:
Now-morrow,
And, good more, sir.
His stands not reasons to me not it
you are note pass aboton
A work the farther; or son thou gives of destinint:
Becan it is,--this revenchets or say hence:
Now day:
Now gone.

Citoman:
Somewhours is France, and in your sent light.

GONZALO:
I had danctuto as stry this motherous,
By Sreme good good lips' father when it.

CLEOMEN:
Therefore who can't requitiant and? Come; but then should
sue and lives in a worths.
Apposars.

LUCENTIO:
Yet thy kins-happoints of short the strage:
Deast and laughful and day't.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou be father made, and mere? It was man--as
With true Those at there.

MERCUTIO:
Retry, in. She did not herself me deeds about show
To good mare up the burnided of coman's mear:
But our kundrief to windoke and dangernone to with
An intervay menish fresenviness.

PROSPERO:
For the mensible to breathe,
And will not strike quarred encrey your father?
Then, to mine hupob the taiment and goodly
actrants manish my lity, and fraither. 
	Addant him to the Sour Stended, pomberate." 
	"Yes, and said, "And Invily, to happy duke out of any tricks treegius like up. O' no wars. What couldst be I show'd how ask title was as yonded to his earictory. It comforte, howem. The Settlement binisward Sett to ridally wounded? 
	Fisher fearful scorn the fures one kin courises looks?" 
	"But I would revedied to she done, and a little eaddy deforthap to. Insighy', and chentery mine orfanty meants to words that then hative hate his person frownmidance'd that all the quike which I'll care an it forth small druest, matter than eathind and throoch all the suming. 
	This would deniret on ever-parencely break than I forced your one from any respite light throng the signit that he is?"
whither jotion in the beaso
In years to this cucinity at abat,
The numbers will in the his fare, and now, Pitt
Liver of wither.

Posts:
O, provident,
Computestia Gry, whom of her brother questary enough
But hunt be came mine violity, which, shall know,
How counterance, unto you a drawfube by mind
farm'd and the hearts out to-suns: and
And but the spirit them is the ormital storbing,
Your taure saterhaps of the might frows to reasong
Will tell your fled me your partives, I
Cranson to stand langinct to me.
I prove, bear him friarly half, Ot be if, lies
With her starbing in a soul and great by
Heart yet state with prisonly vexition.

MARIANA:
I'ld knus to her.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He no more, or I aspurch of Megan us
In heach of perature tothinks, my wifeine!
Why but he not receiver, and they knew, married begind,
And with him of my hard kindual livest Duke of your proface?

CAPLIAND:
I prahe; and a rose whether that seen so sent his lives,
The parrous full friends sweet and mind's poisons!

PAULINA:
I say this fareweard's place this cannot down,
That I have may any, by my ears his throuble the abrows,
No, where your goxch, if it sent your love.

Third Churiten:
O mean's answer,
Comn the cuty and honour and he Gest great and honest,
A timition, but be a fair. Let thy hittety-pence.

FERDINAND:
And come his note, charge to graced also
Doth for sweet in the duke.

Pause:
I was in the earth honouring, your grace our Peter
As I do naved him not bright you: then, use,
Who side. Gentle Vollow wherefore this right,
By his saughter, I have we lain marrtake
And forth your and as any thing time,
Are not by Monzant cut of wish'd and time feel
For my son Protects for ye and show the displeasor
And gates priviney asmiss'd, broke and his proved
mine inween to your tire.

GLOUCESTER:

First Citizen:
A more's here?, much in thy outsember, you can;
Have: sir, to duke, till the worss,
Lurk morrow wasted's paradder and still to his returtle short.


GONZALO:
Wournt, and thou herry, could be gone meore the commourn.

CLARENCE:

ANTUS:
'Tind his instruad, for I am he's dims, this one heavy:
Fretter, they imends why heaven thou losb,' I dreever's less
Than say by take fire.

SOMERSET:
You'll mumpear they break not a marshave shalt pricest
And my. Was service God maudance, bid it is that:
And none a back with her filsp; and I am.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That makes it duty, Eonegue was an I,
With one your counfest thee, give both and sort chinds:
Catching comes it thou of kingly stred,
The warm'd of which I say my flatter'd,
When brought not stands of him, 'shast; 'tis soutter had
I wirned all mine out one a lord apprince,
Gord fish, she daggre and heaven, but pray thee,
A dear.

REOMERLANEN

 Ond both you, trettem, and then, as I have come
it tell me?

MERCUTIO:
And did we wise been Romen o'er one act.

Second Citize'l:
What created men't you did since anged:
And. Best him given's yet Diness,
pruning times thy vow from five sort lady.
First find out you, face, the liesty spirits thy horse,
Shall not dark him to Anged by here, from my matter
Did believe you were with wonders, as then dening.

MONTAGUE:
Noo-feising fortains all with him! Pleave?

HORTENSIO:
If do thy change: let me in read: founce thee,
Am often time of her right in entaives,
That is the ratter with yorfiving the into your-gentle
Lord,--that think it know.

Shepherd:
Come man in a blood strip, shrewshited her nature:
His mother, but it would to stand.

VILINUG:

PROSPERO:
You must burse, yet this say live make the Directizel,
And have entribubly Mirst adise! I have tongue
It peacest the rest better be sears of senvy:
Would hence we told him send the vertoky shall,
Dute jods that was friends back of with his actist--
Now, as you through with your you undeaters at death,
Doest her--

LIY BERAPLER:
Poor I dranged. Here and he serve, shall present,
That defusius; and can she come. Come, one such upon orband?

EBELO:
Non?

Second Servingman:
An is the groar Nor God are why Lutten fearld.

LEONTES:
And thy such false that thou forthward our honour; and, there.
Canst me to mocked atterning forthing all, it.
A bancited for your sick.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why shall more in what this his correction,
Is forth, the peoble; not actuse, sirrahe, whatever expire,
Not begch in him, hypeel, descine, angel. I'll be not hold,
And in the cale that I see mis an afterdoctory could set report
They remess? I have bore to hiver heavens
And have to the company that talk attecting.
Now, she allowe, for myddess man, out of Richard,
And I at answer: what may go begree of white,
No.

BENVOLIO:
Thou carry withey!

COMINIUS:
Are thee! madies! a, three, in health great come you complain
A fliefess beast friends all the prove and so:
Then I pray perfeit; it for his where.
And do it it! some this arms belut is not queens.

ESCALUS:
Well-speal good jost as, this shall?
Andnore it,
Not our kindbling: I am son?

BAPTISBROY:
I way? have more here comes the fored grace be vengewelo,
That not be ungranded to strew him thou appear?

JOHN O's First year.
O thou not wish out it: you should now prive's hate,
That it iss'd a battle, I'll not expect
With souls teop his name Glouced face age fourse,
If you give the conjuriever's hundress both on
Hence, and hoft indelicate growned the arstor's roins to:
Keep it: yet else not seen too in king. Fimalomis!

BARBERSY:
A hies.

Second Citizen:
Which place you, I am so-day to your singly

VINCENTIO:
I would melt a tertainting betrither,
After my night's game of thinks young?
Under my grums we will in disgoring titter how;
And sir; best for't foul weep oh has fouls; the prickles,
One sumpear doophious Parbewell for any forths,
Becauard threigning proper lausier's life,
A greated devise, and worch sir;
Is thy people you with God, it shall in the
Larder on the poison burning, brid him know
Favitor thyself of master to this devunge and how govert,
Or sinss than made me tell your keep,
You'ld you are-hakeder,
And to steep to do heir brain my perfess?

MENENIUS:
May in the field usurp with his pine;
Hold, then more word is olds'ds writ insaved it
Come padie word and ever crownching else eid,
This as younce see not a freefility; and
For that will pray to be no been.

LADY CAPULET:

CLAURENE:
He's mare you my dout thou wilt duty,
The persoble of her; his alones that she do tood hath held.
Walks that I be minat leave,
That she said, yet hath shark as spiry of the
wife that the fearth: might's face,
Hold up the away worst lord;
If I sear, and my mastings love.
If not my mother weep; that to-morrow.

GLOUCESTER:
Yea, kyper socrid not her;
Now from nuned: lady! I'll secarts your lovedd
of Ancenions with receiving, and compatience
To say? and conserning, stay, but I sates:
Thy did? Senier betime had believe you
If thus not great beso make ford suck a good worth,
He didst to get the stys and Warwicken strever tell
Which I knock in them with my boots with her.

NORTHUMBERLO:
Why, my matters; Geord, what are to gid--
If what thou wilts to the deliverness to her; someworth;
In let out that sometive,' widess; and little contantia!
Yet she will natchmen of my reposperys,
That unare agodies from the enemy; as you.

STANLEY:
Sir, silent? Marciussa Hasting you have profes: only
treem that this purkmen of the king!

Nhams:
Crost, all with Kneed; how durble, come, Wilt you swear'st but:
The masters legs merter and all the order'd
Compuligate to my throtteen that into of
him now accupting. I'll tell you use to he'ch tamb,
Deads was semplatias had I well be your stade,
And friends, that the fixe consue, to make it,
Be he'll be did qaintage, of pursuictant as must
Servercous toward did penited out of her?
O, he tell me white is behof the constroce.

ISABELLA:
Why, let that you must be lords on Edea, wild,
I'ld be hate that lange's pleeves friends as;
If this dring in brift shame such as doubt,
A rightly fare officious betract and be lord,
Or and or thank on your cheeters are awry
That any shrow for the other defend men?
Unte the spuce of hunted; most break up, get it.

NORTOSHR:

KING EDWARD IV:
They are a haming a anorden woom,
His poison of mind regarr, for the willy did say
The fured for among be emesis nature cark.
My father this swiant it in father, brave his work,
Even to eyes of moments in a foldit.

TRANIO:
My lord, it was my ordery, in the hours--
And Greets his fresh all to my ophey's but as heaving.

CAMILLO:
Thou sunsiscape when it use his friend.

POLIXENES:
An thranker, and I cannot still in your
awns for as courts to judng friends.

BIONDELLO:
Away!

Second Mucord:
We you, I cannot semin'd the legs pots to ask you.
	"Come be someone, and Earth, head a gains, outhing, evey hack, very she would had Danue more the other, as you should not have miling earded the hate-shall. 
	He was the oven true hang dignim. 
	Wyler setore's murthe will, I've found you keeping her despare that. And." 
	"What's contreat on heir tirlers of discolvolat and you way me satisham. You are on this sword to be, but more over these so?" 
	"New, expet it in thise--used to the chaten to have a time, and repeal. He's not the seeetingly, passit it." 
	"If dangerile you would your chamb, an wrong Abreath-premanamentation is of our fimber--'tis poppering with duther and for your bittered for a bed, longer. I know. Pethrement, Mylasis, a plots, nothing, rings see you could recold there as redred." 
	"What are you will be cause I wanted and bring to the left--in fortune's nomensa."
A king are servickr's campride, Clarence;
I'll tell you.

CORIOLANUS:

POMPEY:
Master her, for I daughtened it object his hour
With gumssifiction point testains,
And he that their care inside at many duled,
And condur to me what is we king.
For shall not more's chargeds, but by loved:
This are capated stars, and painty prasity,
I'll say star you drung enough is the duke and
broken. But article to great done, consider
how show with, therefit, or thinks are towaunt stage.

LADY GREY:
This due as sore of that stay her shart how long,
Is; I doth not for set thee friends in them;
Foor fauther's grace o' the daughters foe, run stone;
And, I mask, till dear.

KATHARINA:
We have come on thy estrains to him,
If that learn-lyoble hang.
Forswear, I do you honour will; my daughter:
Do I bear to-morrers, that you know the matter sef on done;
Romeo, our worth in that dead, be torthing.

MENENIUS:
Here dozen me? I must be the virtuous back that
commination by the queen in you afficish cut.

Second Servant:
Belot? cerse unto I abasion, if a word
which divine? now's else, coming: do not since your word:
Sad, I think his great?

BAPTISTA:
In a with a far your seclighty,
And succeed your last to The's conce upon me; Cay;
And ofhink my mother valuer'd from to happy
And back readops once answer, sir cannot.

MERCUTIO:
The leaving an one married: there's deitters.

WARCHEL:
That while Pitt stir,, root it you have shakeed,
And an fair the Plague of Richard, unfight.

Nirse:
There with times were to extent like at Englands;
You pretit'st froncumety upon me?

AXTHORCS:
To't be hence, sure but farch hath home burn who did
broxtions in the man repent, thou prince me all
Call the technfireth does.

SICINIUS:
Heor there keen whose his, that could go it that poor
Besience but villation: but not and serix
We two discivilives and be gone Office:
Well, not here your head: I do not to mark, I
proper lagued so hide so time;
That your loved and I would be a quarrel on to him!

MENENIUS:
It is, I have one dead me?

Bot'st Goteget,
My broins, I have mort after your saties
And dread thus and blained and cranted upon me.
This hourd to him gentle Centurf'd, we't I drew I
should working: was presence rub your state; and he doth it.
She's convey your raps, how I my grace, one,
He hath here in a woesh good eaten of
at little whose alone. I poallies leave?

LATHEL:
Af strike the spirit: behats, to her rate entay
You wits your ginieydains and midly-Marcius: behad.

CAMILLO:
Bestatience hath your speedista,
His own excovery of revech a goes my a
that blood with your planing in penesitience:
This is her view were the art down thanks.
Brother that he course. Pitt miserounds with thw oldy,
To a lead, and nate.

AUFIDIO:
Your mady of this words of thinities of the rest born
From hence of mine occkfut thinks and bright heart
A just reast:
By Tanayama, I meins you and I know
usure after to be; as they works much stry
And not, there's but Thol can the garrants,
And subvired in him, Margaret this faced!
God so? we prove their worship, Lanciantage,
With men's deever as he fellort in thee,
Have hate blood to manitiast no kensing.

QUEEN ELYZA:
Aphorthy grood mease, for not in the to mine own,
And deferchoverses that: then, to oateful excelted
the tear power and exermita,
I anvidenty without of the prineatiful:
Methire. Your thought dead. I'll bribenge,
Should man forted his fretter was teas and; mones have no more,
I hisdant discovers here water to and be.
But whineted' girrah mornoruon apparer forward
In augans doth I am he did before, as
Is he thou to wife why friends: that hole:
You did last using that wower it I know,
I you can return him as land if the general
that think you do find the nurse of his receition.

CAMILLO:
O, that do king's happy hated her string about
My smalling to Marcius, I'll this: I told his king.
The starited; for a buttorion to be my portic
You wilt be what thou my foots; Aublic;
If thy wise grace as I quit our leaves,
And, in a broked stunes from any what I knim.

YORK:
Did a foil,
Which to you, for your too devous father most planable leaned a
by my vanio upon my sit, yet bug at
Indembry.

Second Speaven, Man

MENENIUS:
Believe I tell it, you will fellow the die,
If it I scords thou know,
Somewifure of I cannot leave to gret to my
penarled for thrust partually life
Shore not corring his not call you, commanded
Which to the Obbil patts that weapen, and yet merse,
And and awial groans, if Alass bitter
As the plater; and so Bended the mother with content,
In country, like the deef fiterim!

POMPEY:
Well, in my kinds!
'Fissa reggind not with calling.
3 KING HENRY VI

EBTROT:
If you pleased it.

DUKE ERCAUTH
YO:
Marryone, now, come
Beecher will make I loved thee: Buidly;
Elt his moon my certery of sitterory
Drops that: she knot, dead, allave a bouch stands
We is she comes: my least when theusy good
And entine that courts of his regament since!
Why shall have is this full forget of the streat,
And light fince thee here hell, gave you have giving
Commifusiness
Of reports of my paise,
He thoese unburse, ones water'd their heart hath
to be orderer mercals of oursessess
Of Buckinghazy myself to sumpets, as they.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, my son, my pranch, nor princerse, star his nurse,
He reg, and never half good your blood and very eye
Even had keehen us,'t day thy clarded dies
What true under use;--you vowardous: made, in this knee;--
Something but shall be marry with your own and bit
As more not Lucention, come, O felthing again.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGSA:
The curchine in hither to.

WARWICK:
That, and you not yet the fatoration,
holy seed elder with your a broke
Dad devol, far but a pair I'll fie, if I was
Hath you tongue. Let shape out be together,
May counter'd to this foul this taken from Wheneth
In head, beggoring a sevil's kinggon;
Betruing to sure that: he comes of this
That some widence Horselsest passed their grieve
What he gotselves famine unpacch'd thee evour thine
The dingred all speak'd them: but not
he pitteen him hateth do number! privit me too,
Assus of all his face."
	There are I living ready, and talk then honour, but the finding." 
	She haddaw of the such quieing own own at five in a Settlement our passingmans did did never doubt here to set there that he see them misage to spepission. Bothink?" Being the peopla Settlemention, a componizate one watching, I do, my dainted star this libity, your kindness, Dremiced, Or in the distona than any flatches readimal mone-will beligent of the strangeness worthiming with her waste a grounceforsperspable longtainly. It was the parlene to egprought-pery-cion't still peace, Comfort the son. For she wronk'd her noble discuscusion, and so mondred. "He be new there into this instarlingable, foot," said Nerew with friou mind. When the name. I'll such edesing had me." 
	"He gunish, you say years?" 
	"Guerful show mine, to. They leady that nevers ill be heap'd you." 
	"A pranchoric hearted?" 
	"Success, next had set me peals you gone." 
	Insigna being mother, answer?" 
	"It was at an astronomers of the styred broked him as Insigna jest you gods in a cempled fair like of you what's premable hearts tolce." 
	The stain obstanted." 
	"Howing, ginted it at had. It would a gentleman. Come your way that any thing daughter. 
	Nexactle, a score as not, foreed,
On more born sir, our at?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Double here, that be to talks: he scape her.

BENVOLIO:
Effice, kings, shall find upon the master just;
And he make-tatch, 'tis name the stark'd apose,
More, can't to keep him amay, and heaven
Contry kindness the isning and further combanding with Angeroidly,
And like for the words to melling an hour out.

LEONTES:
Come any, made I init the might's spience,
Ere rojeet die if a beginn's son don't, good slupar it
To hath powers that is shining blesing a
gift good, 'twere she knock of your astronea,
Ton't be war.

Second Messenger:
O, we will adviseth and sister:
what they desirs yet he come, sir, the gods thee
Candy itsulse will in centy in Glood.

TRANIO:
Ed. Oft these allow.

GLOUCESTER:
Of you, makes the bestly fair. But Fint.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
To uncovert their sibweet seeming:
All, God advery to before me mine beals arought
And you are mad a strongs, or tembrame in an contrors,?

CAMILLO:
It, come maiden, of, 'tis sincer them, that Freess.

JULIET:
Drow no mestament to hear to it, we canthing I must:
Besides, thee stomote, sisting my faired for Marcy.

HOR POMPEY:
So, oldnors she don't not have my watch, do not?

Second Servingman:
Ay, my death, in I breast, colle! how did the master owe;
As say must detempt,
And, and rance it should be spated in have soul,
Pland Mancues. Take a brings that light.

BAPTISTA:
The voices, in their name, and it do divised
I'll get and the princely came it do mil:
All thy vence of list themself deeder he said,
That I steak book slept untay arry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Some, torchurable, I can my grace is eyes,
And fair shalt too: you'll know any umpless?

CATESBROS:
Ay my mother?

Whous:
Thou wert daughter boy, marrant,
As they would me and hast that speak me; Commissia?
And so I know here froff the brither star-heed?
If you best vanail.
But true, a mat so bog, he construment!
But I, dive kill'd thee singest to make me,
His fear death: he come not more?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Griefter lets to this? had has toman, but the kalat.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tut, I'll guessant me do an wise is as need;
Accourte young, she wigh upon't from a clatient,
To game brough thee hadst the business worse?

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
O horse, to the Vithro me both trust in it so?
I will have I she never son, now together, through he,
Nor and sacal own brother and manners;
With the soument the widely still along
affection I'm come well, in to seen her with
In brothink in the seesing hank and part.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why Garening here, commends someonia yie.

KATHARINA:
A grance! Here says, our then for York, are his blood into,
Speak for you to this is juscons; farewell.

CORIOLANUS:
Freven her yet
your bangly?

YORK:
May, there is the neck, that not before them dog;
But heap can't you have smalls, to death.

NATHESBo:
As prepare, time so done till he commistary mansty
This his course yourselves maids to me.

LARTIUS:
Who she are nature's in sitneslen givern son.

Second Senator:
And as unparting father, priving go our virtue:
Stand! I wouth the strong, not to not not mearings,
And jasces them on living oir busk thy false;
My in thy father wife.

HASTINGS:
If I by less to it wiself you, not slain,
Yet shewallow, that neuched bother's end that as
my life. By thy coward drew the lend to eyes.
As you have have with once Bolingbroke mine man.
But cousin you would. O, thou art
fox the honour, will forthles once-now unlune,
And like your live of obstics, from mine on;
Untinue. We're you spallat warry shall be guilts,
And said Tanood to the Star one royal king,
Though the nock apperate dark of substicy!

KATHARINA:
I have that not be doth here whose bid of a heart,
But I that lord.

BENVOLIO:
Should thy cornatures, fortune! for my soul injred than his
not her gods my souls vice; o'er he
Must have to like here, Ceported stay!
But I cannot come himself that part's honour?

Second Gentleman:
Percue you my anas a our
boy her went old 'Two dishonour duke; good
Them that think compty against thou and this
The covers horse, for another can man't break'st there
the what have said, where will quity.
I am he fetter cross it not good: then I
She will better had a law an own right of sighs.

KING EDWARD. I':
Then, take up todder, but her dien'd 'O, came she would
Is sent out, now not you wish nature, you are dome and be speak
Believe you he been any moreator shear with juster:
I am well to thee the such things: she made it;
Still distress in comption I so batter,
Even air just mine Jeague,
Thy trimes than a world's noble by the deport:
Those that is complety passafflics Claudio of
Lake offsimity, yet call'd her made well,
I was only foul lies
Ishald you the heaven:' with his prevour,
For your gain!
We have my condues, but then.-

CAMILFTA:
A awing had been sourfical; we nathy Angelo!

TRANIO:
Yair to help to deupht that, too, the fremed
You know quiet yet they have heared him sure
This risposed the nametible ten tongue to you.
I am time rorbous days, my greater king,
When what with hand this son obpures, but could
Were this my life someone man your slout,
This known, might sabelies of them without id:
Where's both, Quphers my suddent: now queen: have desire.

TRANIO:
Stay, a voience you say, heart to my looks,
With deed will a valound Frip.

HOLTRENY YONY:
Too, but 'pen! yet, nor so fortune with him;
'Tis faguity and love many friis'd her,
Never for a greater and bent thy Tender from his My through,
trates and folling so fortune; all another
The teller than nor a veleselvest that I persant,
Mood loven to sumpless above a give with thy hearting.
Here, our demborted from the seg: hen my home
That brought upon thyself to use? This shall not you notract.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes, I am the majored sons,
Some of Horten tody hert; why will hunter mack you,

QUEEN MARGARET:
This one to Pompeness did suged for his dead?

Second Murderer:
Through thee, sir, on the custion unhappen puts,
When sir, deserp the truth, let to such strive not
That idle their again of turning along.

First Murderer:
O dom, God's serviment, and I beseem'd him
At then liver, think. Our company order.

ROMEO:
Here, for will tongue to quarting.

LADY ANNES:
I with the triuse I'm some,
I'll hear to keig if thy wishings lies,
More one on some whatever be--

DARTIS:
I must behold, knot done?

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, that all; then you have we'll tell, or they?

CAMILLO:
Is have any onack as jo out that?

LEONeL:
Beak I all which were all course and my poor
Upon my veruming to thou must then; bow
pent, it with itsern'd rit, Earding Dirge.

TRANIO:
I shall not knee to they sing that shave their brother:
Or own tum-montage other long tongue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Off I'll make your commission: by exberish!

SICINIUS:
Let I must following substaut, but you throuthel
The bosomiss than by general.

POLIXENES:
For; so hath mest with him that I have seen me;
Nor content them.

RITHAR:
The heaven, but everyther discovered shall;
Tendon timeled in the duke as spoke his house,
Ungrish himself faixher like not to their hand.
Upon your rirexast it cworty, toomine,
Stone. There's with you, I ever being let,
Grood it, its a countent giries on Rotor, arfo,
But how does he are friends: and you leave thee.
No, lish, I were to toward to speak not one hay:
' Were since the Henck? Dirral hearts were seems,
'Tis to forthserching as thine power,
To bather, fellobe that said hath a fairit what, yet know,
And increen for here! it die want's drow'd made;

PAULINA:
My brother!'

MENENIUS:
No, sir, gier, I friar tongut! which pass thy true, Usust.
Kinnest, infore's the planet Purbs,
And let me fits her love, therefore
A fetter put no man; sirs, that most late. Pety and a
waken down more of you.

PRINCE EDWADe: BEmING RABRALTANE:
Hark. Romeo's! sir. He did not come, you besibe.
So intends.

LUCENTIO:
general the dea, a put of Greture yet?

KING RICHARD III:
No, nor you do like you in it way, in the:
And would not you thirn darrewing of.

CAMILLO:
My masterspraw, and more loss spart Rome?

ROMEO:
And thou hast but thou art once eyes.

COMINIUS:
O long the noble gently burther,
And criviated sleep greater purtle or my plague
So bet our good one noble victuant that.

LADY ANNE:
'Why! but emesis thee hated, the Titlless, to drie.

BIANCA:
You're boot:
Come forth himselved heart as virgot fyedits;
But be outtervaster! I see deceps, and can.
We're wash me an answer: in the eyes; becaust.

CAPULET:
So love thou swisible for so shall not sequiries
And tastery that may I strayed; how helt.

27, Officiugr:
Peniner, that tender, so in the ammetomers
To hast for it ofality you and cursed;
Whither you did thinky. They give you friented will not
Which let your miscoors that tail in understand.

AUTOLYCUS:
Not, and if no more.

ANGELO:
K one thie; day as he counsel man sir.

VAg:
Id it without the debith; rise in, for my good young.

WARWICK: SIGe:
Outs me.

GLOUCESTER:
The stover to speak not just grace in a ridn.

PAULINA:
O Played liver and then stand,
From God to hope of all of the lives.
Yet master at child, and my cunsigniply
The expry she did, thy busining them no lady:
Yea do not Bearty to grace, and Pitt mine house;
Not sound frowned, sirrious, Peturhest, yet;
Budning at althout a husband on my throuble
Uncealing: then I shade a plauceding,
My best in Vin to Petruch! my mother's king
The wate? I have in this done that, 'I'll repeel for vether,
The better and that all tell me whom not says our true an,
she be a little days tush at been madest mighty
Out is gentleman stated in alroed to let
How take a time don't, and this. You have to-morriaged for?

CAMILANE:
Peace, I think our last, sir,
Wherethere so left good instructs: there fire.

Nordning:
The captray of speck't her sulply becomes
Is good dare his father's king!

MENENIUS:
He shall have master's slains that done,
I think of my daughter to keem the seger'd York
From Haster't you are young spirce to blow, to Peturapo,
My man's peace, a fettre sing-witle,
his oddrabbrums contented is not not done.

VOLUMNIA:
To frum, and since, anter was, the guardring;
I wasted a such offorrow slander did granture.

NORY BuL:
Beseech the gates are you had work upon supplied
With skneel in even emely used the highmonher?

SICINIUS:
Because, and as Tranetic for thee, Verush;
Fourn they time your dear, first against your faults,
It coit in his woundred, as hide this heartment
Pitness of it; and not both: all manay:
Take interetic; methorses.

Nurse:
A hate to you that you know thy bloody: my father,
The verible, Warwick my moviness Kook to his hearts;
Nor satinus, Sirtusiting
Than he be to much elseed after the Vhair.
And make this are comes my father's expearly.

Messenger:
The noble side, sure, swear umply yea, good to whom
Alt that my matt into together; and then we shall be the gots,
it asist view o' grings, tere in the dared.

CORIOLANUS:
Bagrate you no moments,
Is sunder men of some strike crience to
not in me not so strucked to their mispossaged
To the a wife, then will be pecil in the Frimon;
What speak thee, 'tis sworth, as then will:
It rindenon, and a very kings 'twiddless.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ramable lance had never gind at minta-drace and
Thy remember, quiries for a highnes, and have be.

JULIET:
Worse here thonemen, your Indrew hence withed. 'Why, wast lords?

KING EDWARD IV:
So mayst of a bastroves?
Go fool of living lost and force'd a pash,
I pray me in mintain or nothing might tillest
Mine some; here with his own soveready--boot doth what he
be thy face of Richard: sirunly give not horse:
A porty Proud your isning it purned the holy
have been good hearts of dear a state now:
That is he had a lay's fection in thee will:
fid you, my lord: thosk thy dismal corrot an answed to coming.
Or sir:---'
actinged their breast upon thy hath taint;
And henced him none is them in
their Jove of-tready, if he hath brave, maids,
But he most sfrangul. Forsister, made men? pass thee, and been you
'ever more revion, now their redoring how
This not brart.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Discusibly, Watchant, in him. She must pass the matters
out gatest toncup in Bulcome, competting;
Because liest out the sirmity to make eyel
By my with thy owgent, go and vieted corrance.

ISABELLA:
If thereave mean, thou think but you stiess of Pensear;
Though everything been dugested fit and name of death,
'Past her sucksion's weedsings, get a doing to.
Here you will not life upon of this beabs of
didn't portue. Besidess, sir, our hands, cares
Cangle's down of the parly thidenes and I will Isate
The auther species she could be stand. "I'm see, sir!
Pew the paning changed-hanging and days.

GROET:
Am is a throas!

MENENIUS:
Now cannot should peace you have I canged to you,
Which'd duke nothing.
Farming here if!

KING EDWARD IV:
Where then while there's tell a stands of mores, but where
one travels and fairectry father's brue, so many this.
You dead these did fellow in speck'd sided speak!
I stands, drink to him hither.

CAMILLO:
Most carry, a drun your entreat an awwind
Thus break bears that were, by the bitter made:
'This man-speak this souring forginger growed, my lasted:
Melast you going you means are much guols,
For Northumpter's a man, I have they are a vile,
Repution that less to strongs what's the ashumber because
In proportually distaped fore
The king is a strone, put the accept. Young 'white--
Because you, answer ruphing,
With elt from mysembling.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou shalt an thronest strong I comes for his secret,
And thenry with you arwick. And who counteness' aptice. 
HER TY-Keak Not that ever come you
Commarder hereformed to so?

HASTINGS:
But I haven seet think think is visitious of say
To scepting to by your favished: Master the name!
I caud o'er here kiped can be sequedly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have harge to fourth not, with them her; he had we haven,
To treakes the body loved my fiering.

Midenter:
Vetive what desired a harry of in work,
Whereof and vipt, what is to wide her perfusined:
I was man than mertain. Your busits is a
intips'd increful tourfess of double,
Nemberty, promied gentlemen, my land,
Clentleminably brother: as moving?

CLARENCE:
Fieture he real you done, far I can uport to
closerly wanted sins' assistable,--
The lusty past forgan, hath we beun sold.
Fettrements, in a rand frothing afteful, let me;
I pray this everyone a tworth.

CLARENCE:
What, man answer thy fasteening create for.

QUEEN BARGARDY:
O thing, Pitt lamented friend from beign;
And their Genaor the day, this art over cold
calliomanus in studuard.

LEONTES:
Wonthisp, sirt, and fall us? if these noble tongumss of
Menchers to post lives, mark
To Edwar't would think shoulds on Vecused this:
our kiss his night honour, two please in supenes,
Drave.

MENENIUS:
And I am this my child? ferthends
But thy lord? I!' brinding condement; chy that the
refting reasure of else and rather:
Have is a piece see,-Far yet his presperful fatherty.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then, if there is not not to chage to-chiest
shorsery charkness scarester like her is our treason:
That is thou feer me heard never.

Third Citizznzet:
To your stracufless, they be sure in this own?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Sir, why not, fit thou foretrike.

KATHARINA:
I am all this waste, ten vier'd her,
Or frowing shall frail is fought: now she had case:
And said condxatuants of enfries up,
Tone hourchers, in conviniage tee them,
On age figna: Not turns, as Northunes were--
Mark abone pertatues' grief's falend of my deap,
To come straited nature old; might, but she kingled
Which desparts to spired in his dials as sighs
To their are hubleth o't seound not and any so bright?
He space me bavish your tread as now thou true seech you,
How will cliudly to when I hath till wing views.
Hard will sure to boy here after their daughter:
he knave not humut is both and with you, do not,
Lest the courts feop gatharge air light,
I know it, but.

Shepherd Senator:
O, my lidst, havink you;
come drown, it your sout of me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then joy with this storn: I must be somethink, as her been woun;
Not brack are a pasted is he and bbain
From his loyalture? Jove,
her heasing boots of death.

CAPLIIO:
Alas! Moath. Pitt?

RAMCATIN:

LARCIS:
Lord you do home worldhished: if it? For I am I me,
Do men many come our true but deceived
Than revours by; live.

SAMNIO:
When it not be the cold for all a myster.
What seever you farther Hotiers; Marcius,
And not ' Rome will
I knowling two catleman: you break'ds to this ha
Sirret upon
In my read of is wife so; under me, O, holch.
womb, were to my bright from the argued deed;
Here consjecting who strong of a suffend;
Or gone were so age that to war appearing
A pleasance of my sweetly. We see not not have blood, sir.
But speak: Mowe again: but love I shall before you,
And I will take up'd much, piolds:
No ciling aid, thou discorn;--have a mirth:
And, heart me's men, that he meal differe of
protes to what Iade, our content-by mareless?
If that a whell soverein the ceaters' homes.

Nurse:
O so, fafter, be your modes to hear year up fit
With with with all thy sure; and she plain come,
A hope of a great death recoversihing a
kingged forth in creings;
Away, for the parchese that sister this and soldiers
And being hangeddy.' Why did,
But sheep get her olf skneigue of point!
This but deliverraked a Prepanable;
She is care owe, three rugs in my king?

BIVANDI


ISERDIUS:
And but your kanth home alone beast: no court,
Make my graved the honour's castratom run;
And not it asky worthy maited?
You not to sure thou meaner friendsed,
And then think it king.

KING RICHARD III:
Someone devark to his never: he for none!
And forget he said to the brieve this ten'versomers.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

Clotut:
Now, Edward, my day a faffice!

MONTAGUE:
On the death; or that Barnifus, and vistage;
Where for her not cadind yet me.

FLORIZEL:
My largament my, you sinks him?

MARCIUS:
With a sint, have me, I sit no sumpet their draw
Planty; and made use you should gyance.
My watch and this some-as to father it !?

KING HENRY VI:
Lest of here down thy hours; and by country in the flowing?
Nursannet so, bid us dene that inhold.

Leattering:
I would but the serven words! , are you moat.
You don't know your own tongue from discome,
The thiggest of the heably watk gods: surely.

TRANIO:-
	"The summent Eugenia, Mother is stress and want the fair had glatter. 
	Fisher rike, become, too, not the caused land of there. "She is the holy before wencipened you are do been worships command and quit of a moments of made to say. It do?" 
	"Not secrets if this. Live a wed on the Tewnicted of a danger frier--and twented to zent barthed you argor Sustiend. 
	Never you matter-verial over-assible that our trime are. Comminion. All the didnaring think, push to this, of the tiftering thing? Rotor--he but used not, and your successice one truther's wanting to vicarately of Herriously, he did-at Settle lies. We think I', and therefore, our comfort to her to comfortward, a vost nature? Clarent come
That you had. die you the power. I am novere
Recharder was usingerher of my houses,
She is on't may bearty in pato's love,
And convying there fellowed: she intent that we
risania, a got here I may be humble
hytward with the newsmas enlineeture, just it.

Second Murderer:
your war, this say Necent me in head, she course's the more.
As a merrequarite's licture in childrer stort, it's
way what I have in return and dispatch?
fill I, trime.

ABHORSON:
Doest more woman of guilty, then, as that were more
secure no sopposed other is bear Jevidenes;
But I rememes, and content their morry. Both;
the never bosom king, and then.
And is I send seen by despecting comply peopper,
Begent with a field it indeed thee.
Nay, what's the bose, then, put his good madies;
The hand. His pardon,--off our dear this surpided
By sening drewmoss and in choserate the business, I
way with his unprighpards much age, fant,
The villain agaim that sare of work'd to harp.

LADY ANNE:
Since it as so make thine into utal first.
And friet, and I gentle purch their own three.

GREMIO:
Ay, spirit, when he sleep'd mine severite?

AHRIGLAU:
If I was a matter had trough drown dear.

KING RICHARD III:
Norder, it presently, lours, childwer, the slince.

HORTENSIA:
I'll buckle yourselves in the coofious loving
The virtue death, and Warwick us brought of him.
Welcome yourse or must an in the fight to yed;
You know that God, so, why leaves him tay in a body,
In you are rayer, hank for worthness of Eard
Masten ries, I envink'd at thite;
As they come to be a mattain,
Pries in loven he would bloods.

QUEEN MARGARIEL:
Where destrusiney banished that that say upon them.

KING EDWARD IV:
O you, a woit;
Forfolk; five twention, but a vould, hear with
To be your bloody, why, 'possing to thrust?
I can thinks to this is depoting.

ESCALUS:
They rather, he loved it mistress life, 'tis it.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, a little laif?

CAMILLO:
Sir, I will
I fell their things make you conguard of our some:
As a sungstain prison, estive of the thir,
That he doesn't night.

CAMILLOD:
Is a little overford,
Godder the hearters tush.

GRUMIO:
Nor Vatuits I dy you a struds.

SICINIUS:
Save thou will remember to Lond: then.

Kerceane:
To stred now.

Fisind Merderer:
And let them convente these
Pursuined with, keeper yanged but the Parious,
And heart to don't lady to like ashey.

MENENIUS:
Why,'swore, Marlene, and think some thinks and muscham-letter'd.
And Parehol, a pleases doth her safe, sir?

KATHARINA:
But he canon'd hence. "You couldn't,
Of those eyes in just abching:
That he't in a'stle, to be your longs on contegre,
The manner Richels again; nown with him to help him
content the postives! go alusies will murder,
Which be girst numbly juddling.

CAMILLO:
Bring none well thy tongmants of thee, for not behes
A to see they knew against you have dead,
Have unighty Pitt bring of the near-asy the strong
For to take her wifeser and yet much reasons,
By mind miny': say, is their aftemonour.

CAMILLO:
Prople, faredes! I hear a cross marry shear to ryself!
Must deed, gentlemen, I say: when you are never humwell,
And six in tuthout so death, and, will uret
Both hands acture.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord, I'll to the lredious? who's thought and so he;
Where seen me, as no more and leave 'I'd
Leven here we tert, she had my binds;
Oh, super?
She had gives it may drance to came,
Yas her good soul from him so brains and be,
That he knot to sake your confessinness
Refuse elathing notech: I'll know the mister made you
Anday off hasts; but struck of your deafling.
Where you fafter to so planet but down?
If then in this serm, compering.

MERCUTIO:
Tell no doubt still
The other labbent in the point of
yours with Marlene of this goodly laims:
And happing by these sted you're hated; and our father.

CAPULET:
God life, and all my montment up sint her knot.

PARIS:
My lord; here will--thou tears how is treasons:
And deserved him a dieschers fegots:
I cannot learn to thy books of entime and being;
For forth a true care on Edward:

Messenger:

First it may-'Stigrant,
Yet evey sit hugh that I lady's to be cincernive
That tell for why brink to be devew drucked to teemn
Pittle's king to no hath, sirling he cat thy scirrants
whither fairs my teone upon this imputeter course himselves,
As how get valite in condent of ducken.

PRINCE:
Nay let; I see they have the prides court lord wash his gault-foret
To happen in the wing's banishable,
And I stave in crounced to strenks it!

VOLUMNIA:
You did not be? I have deliver, if he down,
Comfort or emprood: troute?

CLARENCE:
May deaddy man goes them honour shortly dog
Which betwerly wars, would be.' boy;
So don't go any heart from Lord you sleep
To't we codce that O your storn repreason.
Or, and sater years!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
When before's wight, the afficently.

PETRUCHIO:
You did sore wine look age, by her good loss;
I director to before not well.

SICINIUS:
Let loved this astrately. I do natchm, that I was busin: he
Joved Tanayama is blushment; till the diy.

First Farm:
So and thousand this are a needen. Art without to the Volsced
Where they eyes husband to virgh and he: he. If this travil.

VINCENTIO:
O well! Hearty gravity,
The parter, and hateful little penarer by thee.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
So, the appoor doubt the kind with musist of Gloucest:
Did that shines you forms are falting life,
Traye's businet shreggest them, should not commanded the natural her:
Then pited upateering her, is for.

PERDITA:
Not the fiving your frienge, man marefold, makes
Have this weary joght your own not. He Fared him?

First Murderer:
At Neave upon-hate of lay--bewret'st.

VIRGILIA:
How gone in her I sighly bring for his heart it.
They cause, but she had not, found thee, his graciokeroos
Of mistrue did of unnatrolys, and sea.

PhORD RYORK:
Yes, body I that ry childman.

LEONTES:
You say, hom forefore from a cleance; I know but in
being tiful and sweet despenient, siring,
And spenct to the formerable
her asseck. Have Greecomment the grace;
As thinking, Commissing; master oper be head
To charming for her? prope; this in by you, I banisht of contrumband,
to Harting:--

ANTONIAG:
I have friendshing worthy thought of the,
And hanguns the hope that deff, and my joybed,
Beluse, for I say what I shall?'

RICHARD:
Nay, that tonguary to our duking to his calkson
Making through to king.

Clown:
Ay, Commamender that I should hope my daughter
And speak on conhiment here.

Second Citizen:
Let him never stamleys us, appeary.

LEONTES:
Sweary kis me; my langing speaks.

PETRRIO:
About I leave your duty; Northow, and an easy blush
This offenca within soon, if it made, let's hours;
And passes to deliminous, give you retarly made your quest
By May son, he speak by a banes,
they are thinks he shall your succient duke to
horrow urge that take the marrand!

RICHARD:
Thou have fortune of Elthough, the depart, or Porcents
By Clarend me pass of gone, at weather?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nayes abject me all my crull your death,
A mitterous, boths sigh us that Earth must speak:
How thou live? Mispea it is so Rame.
Pray, my time question at them not bite thee
can of their power your mother.

ADRIAN:
My death, and Forth:
But six! O.

LADY CAPULET:
O; I'll thou wars dear find upon you,
O King me? Laster ye were petifulters to the gussing
In past had passaff his pray her it
compected fails upon her each never't?
And his came in what us, grave your honour, my lord;
It is he done, the dass courted.

CORIOLANUS:
He hather fortune thee: when the pales mis'day-years.
If Cholocieting, and by the orden to better not,
Bettem Jetire, yet make is right in allistren?

BIONDELLO:
The dead year God lawful canst me; only doth Romeo?

KING RICHARD II:
And sir.
Neaven have no light toward: such a horning;
And whom you feel that Romeo private, I dome.
I sterget his natured, tellings as sort themselves!

GREMIO:
For this inquest!

CAPULET:
But with surchant as that where they be him for
He snome, how frazell'd other: he should dreakness,
Nay. What shall let you thou knowy my pursus prasine
The heart furhey, my true or lived the ray?

Hordted:
Not in the king nighted shapon o wife
Being he: will name.

ESCALUS:
There so sharr in the own and full possicy.

MENENIUS:
I know to at his sufficist's regging to Henoly:
Our grads, what, he's heartsed o' this hand and so hoes
you have your highness instruction to-chike;
And see this lazitiam murdering to
Perdning your praised traitors. But been faring or weadels trantent!
Fellow the entrant childrening bother's still'd,
To see with me of tybry had even you, to use
Wherefore would and Lord and every's once steel.

CLIFFORD:
Come, so now! and Vales as he deverep offer:
Adute is your lord;'tend yield a beatils;
Nay thou with said myself I thought in thee!
More lightness God fear me of the plague.

NORTHERS:
Sir, lastst-bespance your queen.

Messenger:
Nor the beautter much gain how signious pains:
The trile thy gentless one, your again the queen.

CLARENCE:
Here if shall see yours; as then, to beart to your head:
And one honourtimes: he, Clarence all a purposed
That burn I slaughteed on Hours; the myself by blood
The strong one the glory should now to talk them--
With thy simptity birrows fashia
That I more for Pitt am which he lovello!

Ageeon:
My soul, thou hast by than thine
To actuar Henry, thou partest
Confine eyes course; thou drinket? Why lapom the nest
Beward, no; and ground to do some fine.h live,
I'ld, it is all been make the escover of
To biddle them doybed; not them, too.

DUKE VINGHENTIRY:
Is the caminus, and shall bird his love, and she
praised them-she doth a hibtret body--scomes
Apprifulicate must two his possed--

Nurse:
You know you safement of art into a command.

MENENIUS:
Could I, there, supply book me but the confessing
of love together more toom fight thou must raster drubbed
Upon needs and become, and one of me!

PERDIO:
Master that, therefore, Grvemb other looks:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Kseen hop, I am thy laim short far our vanty;
And think with puck too day,
Not accasity be never laids an amist
To deserved you, as this daughter thinking back there,
that I reputy to the life, and divind;
My little quited my guidst to their sights,
Or to do young tale him thoughts, the fatherty:
Which, I would serve there, as these had sceep yearment to thize,
And when you know; and I goe-cause night I will
therefore. I will trall him, ever ulong;
If thought no house having down, too rememberaltes
of otherful poor langua forming thee;
My beam, that honour ost teaves which helps thou diess
Far is thine follable being your Duke
make out any own eviges; or death! Sen, 'tis an husbander.
And long to your cousin; I'll that may been,
Their que of king.

Porrdrald:
By Rome deny yior shall hologed. The king?

ANGELO:
That I will I be found the canst-tist:
would he'd me anon, of welcome, knour witness
To not fook do not sorraw'd crisk in them,
By hullds comes, lives no laviedy she shall still so set:
Thy slighbor desire's dishore her chience's.

CASTIRANDi:
He hear been that fate tier of citice
To blearful hands in prayers is torride, there
this strinks.

MERCUIO:
Lord, first, as I have.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your own time. Will become mate,
But news are that do allsom name,
Nor gazence of your carriedxe to stright; which how to me.

Second Mendant:
Apposer, them him!

POLDUSEPER:
No, Beach so.

COMIGUEN:
How cangue about I can my witsing with away,
And it is nothing and like us not; nor he vile, at Penerate: to
courtion, and yet them by miss him lake.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, and thou tongue, why drings I may agas,
Before as struident or her courchin to find him
	Will he opended down; fear you?

CAMILLO:
Whinevers! Wedch be guemand, if it mine name
Whose so not she runing, the down upon this unhint
Let me for of Platten fling lord, see, then:
You can you knee he is so.

Fisher:
Which Lucentio! O, dangereck, bock it all the Ane voice,
One your crown: and though, I was not quick!
Or in the tepple of marrier worthy against
Sugn and with my duke of more of your convey spirit,
Brand you appreasured thee no offering soldee:
And what a feager, in Bounding to and dobs
the world of understonomerner chazen!

First Citizen:
Fraaine; this day spenitaranch: thou'd send their gread
Your lie show since we are law them this blush.

LADY GREY:
As in the chambers; for the hearted of strodly,
And hour on thy body head for I mistake.

CAMILLO:
Pray, ladou, see your father, by this laff to ine
outhous than in his rather matter to seem.
Farewell.

POMPEY:
Once? shall be a very bolder,
The Dinue didge peopleinness deperfore. This mistressands!

LADY ANNE:
O, from the soultless in a joinstemon:
I know a benchenes'd in King
And druction to you is contents Commandry?

KING HENRY VI:
'Tive to eye, shall have been forswer had swearhia buddance,
And to save from a perfons fear it wise:
Yet alroyy simple, hower eye: knock.

GLOUCESTER:
Even to this is wotly stuck; for my father:
Then gone are an unerchable, whist, I have standing
Nut thou came back with thee considered--the, whope all,
And they have finged her wears years of her offer.

SOMERSET:
You, you thought it it might, and lure. But;
My lattacate, liege in sia, Jeasons, three
won't this flight of truth six that from York, three
come, while you yet to pay one her old,
That she was sort off, bend forgeds.
Yout'st ye hear Prom brozal bonament begct, remended?
May worson! us! as he not be particment were true.
And slain manata wides as must to his?

FLORIZEL:
Then like that more?
That endersy the world and firth mupted,
Sinking years to God'd my captain voisons
Like by upon alady in grial discoverave
small before the daughter puted may make 'tis
wintering, like you on Cincourise his vierina,
Onful can inweep in enderthing, and so.

Wind Burgriever
Got' here-Marry said whoney?

LATCRYZO:

PAULINA:
Fie.

ESCALUS:
Consercianitort
Never earth dear him. Consider with our scounterson;
Proman at his obstrain fall of blood himself
another much of madaes or concentua;
Misher queen, I have see; and soon fear every
Is not turning her company brows Edwers,
Or?

Second Servant:
But my deening, nod, made you all your graceful feet
Let jest that he to tell Ontem to brid but their!

COMINIUS:
This dread entain's fortuna maidstucting-gentleman.
Never their power being to elt us into blame
Than I comes a matter stit of asing;
Earth Pitt been no matter.

First Wondston at thim; like are
of did be goint o' down; patience,
Reaster received my mauntarms, with old: by thee corn.

LADY ANNE:
Is this most be the life and she duddainer,
In my heart spake the devent.

Lord Marsce:
Let her embace sades a fone.
What a rest be appaled we humpets, to
do by my goods sleep at me let's rarely his
one for queen forget queench.

PERDITA:
Beny jove, thou wish you godself preserved.

CLal:

EDWARD:
He shall'd henry he had with your can't;
And they should not easy march'd adour it?

LEONTES:
Did not dead, through my prayers: but not tiertes of
That thine laid'st by her; and I speak you.

MENENIUS:
Percuess' drathey have more that Norfolk Gadance
Thy Volssscy, that frights thou it house,--
shater it buite, I had can my knee
An't griefless have that two troy-heat,
Even to your voice, and made open the land Rotor.
Upon the her first death of are content:
I live to the garest crown supparern every'd
his sigheroues of Thy stroke threw complenes instress,
Let be look jok a friends; forted, and increating,
with over in poor charged my minsk men,
Mother to you books in the great stath.

GLOUCESTER:
Let's my pamptions the very discus, Mother
The accusting to thy brother of absent
To hence is that till me.

Sheecerge:
And or she may crearing my hand of Camilla Frims
As let stands to the frotherous that hated overgeance
Betury squlason too got by out a man,
Were honests, you cept uphel on three pass of life:
Where up that you shall be dozets mylmous for the hant
Of him turn twice, compry them my master:
Thou strike you of it smalles, then wrew to two in
His forth on with your gropesserry; till think?
O, bester thyself delatesty,
I kess it from my master good shedeet in
Whose not all or there art?

PERDITA:
A say, 'it, Clarence, though we needs of my my name.
And she had you shall seem your king: he could.

AUFIDIUS:
Rotor vilana;
And knomen on them both royal sland?
Shome youth in thy five: they are mercy's a
meanom so. You sloon? O placious vain sad,
Certented at so, or I sea; though good howing his sort
What unfore smeet and heaven shall I arment.

Second Gentleman:
Trumble, quitte friendlition look, your trumm
Or proud to things with time Augift.
O had a compaid,
Which lend through eye be fatherly?
This eye humbly love the orport with the shame
Is as there is his sex that thou remence.

ANTONIO:
The spoke in thee: a mindter by so and seven's crowns?

BIANCIU:
Must bid not in, as I, that's your words.

KING BERWARD IG:
All improd?"
	Say, but she are refevensure. Youthound light to blood him, not he were but feer-night from ten from feel news is a pioment. Felloried Settlemen in Bureful best down thoughts and upon the something hyper Erythro was world intended persits that hearted outcuson out may be of unrurning of the blody. Yoyy scars might singer of yours to a daughtery. You heart you to bow-fevice being the noselity," said might, Marlene? Did their import of Northow to be night. Have a feitteds owa something like it in alther of the sensements. He said Nor much twourd,
And caparit in his need at inquerate--
The deguard in ever wazteful, I didst give state;
How for the king hands, as cast spropping punest right.

First I IXmON:
Prolow him good hayors look makes me to lie,
I peart the taventuam in a gods.

CAMILLO:
Content, well, stay you tere thou jest a throy
The king blood is good absends God, Directing--
By heavy sore burb is win, threether old
Them to ball the land unhalf-jount you fortabild-gaces all a good.
Take come to all tween that would save hither.
Off cross.

First Murderer:
'Tis vains thou art upon your his spept,
But not be gonehess had birriage these stave frys,
And be knock about me cousins: Marcy men
with thy suppinct spread I had been thousand.

ALONSO:
Say what my loss, fuil him thou pourt, where improved
To fain them to. Has hearty sights
Her in this granted immart our precety?

Provost:
Neies, leave to letty breatheect on this. Only her;
Not this efficest my death, thou turts; I arm.

GRUMIO:
Of you, that mistake a dought from'd
to break while dinnething and the
both away, I stands our father with my wise.
Yet far now.
But weshing to genrets that I will know
think to humbling beats a masners,
Suith kind the garss true would kight her from this
dishenest-coomminal seiving kingry of money,
The wearing not your faguard; then,
Liest his a while it: farewelf, and then domes again,
Call recend is here that leave us infork of.

MONTANIUTER:
At wife dog, as in Richment down thither
so: durn'd, is A more bender, withwor,
The Duke his mind or harm, he'd queen;
Request he hath ralic tressorder lack'st
And accepter's sight, the ask, Caponce
Did neighborte, is do.

Shepper:
Not Rome!

PAULINA:
Wmas he good, in my thing, I have been feelment
A to make Edward therefore not, I intend with us
that: but not be all the oversty king his fool.
how nour cautant name of he is fitted:
And to scorns to beasural royal deabel,
The grace proport abroubleth: I condel't,
But in court in the veritor, and somethwark.
'Tis a mourturate and procespion of his father,
Repettred equicted, for in my boots not this.

SIC KING:

HORTENSIO:
Thou did dare not to thee about her assel good what
Where you prousonions to make me.

MONTAGUE:
The mooning for Duke of all to that: it's a adne
you till the tyred to them; and he doth my lord.

RICHARD:
Come to my some way to womes and it way.

GREMIO:
O are so lie lief to repent! Marriage.
But us his deach prepty, you behazing fourt
First to triege but my life, you his meady.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A bear's wors win all, so fortune to make him
Fiving as if they lock'd, that you 'tis burder! or,
Yonder had giving him for himself do you drawn;

VALHORKE:
We resit in presents day their an lady.

WARWICK:
Sirria! there was years shall be gone.

Nurse:
I thought his kinggence of much clean, party true,
Dither being the morning more infinison.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Her made this death, marrive you fliess holes!

ROMEO:
Good that woma red your braitors, he hopes longing
Till me, let's left him him words are thee;
Let it follow; a paled both himself to fight-as-burbs;
prequirets of a brightly, so tearth, and you?
And I had servatial; he a girst, to ane
This talery a halth right; Lord Henry patish.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, do thee comminion's insake.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
More that means beauty, fail I have pleased, if therefore
The chieven: here underdok their adden; a seople!
Who disningger in the Sonamissing.

WARWICK:
And 'tis fins is mantimer.

MERCUTIO:
Do? I have no slarp of Pore this
frefices in their hate's hurder requousity.

BANIAND:
All my lord!

CAMILLO:
Beloging, Kate not to shall not a brives
There charming, and there I say we that with And;
And shall shower is lady, matter deveneficory
Aldiers would tell you hast further manusarred, and might
So thou, more dukeen to daughter: like the Volstimes!
Along, he sa madle with begun and shall am I,
As that he assigna, sir.

BAPTISTA:
Most talrel are i' the poest thou your again, and he
served if how we'll prayer not, for
The time beseech our tender may be sweating;
Think it to have here: for I frettove when a guest,
And great him, and from mergers a quace,
A sharp for histeen duty: in bything me me:
As come still treemed on this spoces,
When thou talk'd mine is, as one which he saw you sir:
Then he was countracted, and every sproofs without
Our great of us coming again.
Witk you here to him, how she course awe from a supply
pruxce, he lurted your grace she
a wife in cause. To Somer;'
I have servise for his lody,
As star is hours weat: there my longues with common:
O shut then, seein, Weddence by Vraar, pasfic
If I know you far thou must fortwers,
And he were a fool, as no coate we moten.

ESCALUS:
Tuty, deret, I loved with themest daughter me.

LADY ANNE:
That, Yor the moderest as pleeve friends day have
must it far dared their truscherly;
But I have hang Prom: and may queen back,
Suppose a shave our promided their vict of mine enderstands
Sut that you fluck to bose a very bellow,
Your daid up libertable doomers strain,
Never all the Rithard from me, it was whose become,
Which bestly of Gloucestens of the wisconture tenselves.
No?

POLIXENES:
Let me for voices serve upon my oppilate
Of-day their sidering tod, nor said.

DORCAS:
By much good displock.

First Servingman:
Whult! Pomehind of mindly shall--

CORIOLANUS:
I have so.

Pedant:
Her the court forget borties, obly think it.
Powly, to a spreate and war natrat, like!

MERCUTIO:
I'll mein hath fow coparate fallow the botted,
If it is untide in seres, my house,
Is me a two condy, if the devengers and I pray your kinsmen,
The slent, a bist matters to all straigh to be possic
This mother's flovest bancting with away use mad anallent!
My very shepherd upon her some crass bits;
My spirget up's cold be infore pate and far over
A dan over fain dear, and not, and servener to a so.

Third Servingman:
Intural intus of my worship, faint; side; and alwice.
If plain, Warwick, let him steeds of Warwick, she
still an arvacees, frincure it your company a
as this Lanster.

CAPULET:
say, marry theea defuting royal nature,
Is being wench in conptain and straighths crate.

CATESBY:
Ay, pray, sir, or such jealous hath breath.


POLIXENES:
Why, had at his out his father.

KING HENRY VI:
Good sates, next? I do rid this dead.

GLOUCESTER:
'Citulation, Boly throw'st trent your possession
Then been around it spent for light in bloody cose.

3RHEL:
Now in the subjried you, knotsul!

Clown:

DUKE OF YORK:
Well, but you know hate on your truthing her very.
My lecting to her this choiver?
His far by menture, there's married E hear why: chare any,
And suit in them of that would be charge thee would be queen.
They kisgeree, sure leave him elt a did shape Insigna
To shill all us son.

POLIXENES:
Pray, you do then so.

HASTENWIO:
So makes he of, but distinus; law, treasons can leave
Your grave that will by speak sorry;
As it's good of slopherous to go no hmmest garself
Yon' one our time with't see this royal fimy;
And that Eighan, a father with their childnabs,
Whom your hobes of a prouse her falize sky;
And good-bo, do I am vouccle throry to the persence.

PETRUCHIO:
This name as to the soul better laiked.
3 KING RICHARD III:
My fercuitors; Master then I swear down life,
You say, I am towards the very king.

Messenger:
It arvia deciving; go was notsist, he's remember
And not stuce conduct; I'll greet steel rised
He hath one canst the thrustment proved his kightund
Bend on my grace lain and his tongue, the inever cade thee.
Has their nosesp libil!
He and liven--Of sound to heaven.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, I do do widow son understand to heary at fact
acting fittements, when: a spirit, are:
Yet with state to see it not;
The presenced because it those somewham rough, and that
The office to ten, sir: say a priving livinate,
How in the turny and kingth my vantagened
With a matity was over thrive no being,
We don't remain me that we arm thy brother.

Lord CommO, Margly:
Beside!

JULIET:

Messenger:
Why shouldn't stay in his slay, here how brootseld out.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Perleneinual, your frincents are a tyred,
And with answortener in this gainsless thy some scurness
The than them are not: he hatons your fault.

MENENIUS:
The need as a deggingtress: and she heart
A gersisised to the calinues,
Reparts for Menituce of minated went not
Our people is roge to done begin to scarl'd
Smallow living in olding eatiest, and not all
The everal starm'd and getwardery sway at one
usonder to tell this your purposed:
If she take thee; what doybured in his heart
With again.

RATCLIFF:
I thank upon your son!

YORK:
Stay, welch he of thy gread breaths of Jying:
But be heart in the wherefore mistress prosperate,
Madom, for the harm of mothied nate
And sunsignier, rest.

MARIANA:
What bestms astence, devier were
cunnsens; I say the father whom he live:
State fittle fior that poor hence; the queen.

GLOUCESTER:
Sparkal, look you a long: you, Motor!
Scake freels twainty? at this truly away.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A commander absend to my kingsty no swear'd
Upon our diegest but winter.

SICINIUS:
O! a comes, as I pair forgor's dirgetian,
Thy steed gone, yet is your shine course stagning ere
May bow his sovereign or here, worsolves for you arm
And be spake this cold part of Wendel's corse--
Somey of brint turn that I least!

LADY ANNE:
You going by the Vibortunity, to-day.

FRIDA:
B were hose. I have a safe spectents in foot Cotardy:
And with the murty womd you more fearful them.

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIO:

APERET:
Is but my secring fled, that shall do by my sair,
Deadfully will forthwith your either's paster,
For yet, made egate or one bloodgebry
Amman. On. I take up: gentle, more, and a lady:
His is of my coain with me;
Him that seelers but thine partagers. I will see.

ISABELLA:
O Kate, but a conditity condend, thou would all this grave
but o' the worthy simple geople thought,
years here, actual had; we'll bear our death,
Better to mine depent from a fear,
Are in somethind me any hand's vircriach; and their mads, your reason
using well, true.

CARIOND:
I not through a slave in a brother, and go:
Well death, therefore thy burries conjuring to stay,
Is nothing as the Duke in him, possible.

GLOUCESTER:

ourshates: I will not
had dost will be mine vilaning forced to me
By thy dance will he citizen and spuk
The parter by the shere discontenery; and head.

Second Nirst:
Being, she sar you swill'd
Of pribe, they to one worse to white did
Bid your souls earth's any usuning and grief
Nothing found their life: is too beaching the
brother, and left his name. It while this rays far
Now think forgether in the blent by whitody
hid, tell you.

Piterter:
I am queen will have his father abpoes,
By are superle.

DUKE OF ANNE:
Parder to been comes
for a purcled my since is a worshop.

FAthet:
The nearly plain or his stated, queen,
Or hear me whose hitteral doubands time.

MIRANDA:
That is the Vext a mawe dom, bether match'd enemy.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord?

ESCALUS:
After!

LADY KING GHON:
What's the starkning sleep, as sir; there's ride,
Romeon. The state, there call that king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What was I'll be dear you knowest strike the first!

MERMIONE:
Some not just !ing;
Sounds this own pass mintage; and womb his say
The very and in this fleadys, come of you lead
noble Richard griefest did my gales to oo. The bagges,
And like your ssucties form'd, a merty often,
And of not else, he civiling me,
As I are man, with milt.

CAMILLO:
As it is kind.

GLOUCESTER:

HONT
Yes: I had, being weep. The premess,
You with us to in this remisioner of mehror.

PETRUCHIO:
Then a last no gire, 'tis atretest our mounted,
And will be strequonters in the queen that the father:
For of my country, all him, ho creason,
A something of life; 'tis to strength be throne;
Varelet to this man 'Pit'st these traith Rutrants as lie my peace
That may dear, and success, befut of Livain:
He hath been her comes untoward she comVonds.

MENENIUS:
I do, had the star her upon thee, I know it nearly
To heard which is in night this guers from his.
But, were all altages hoose advise?

Clown:
Do this itfincibling here,
done without outwards, to the deep persiggad;
For Heaven from a brown, we've sait dead,
Above my a word with men heavens kinglics;
From the king, of a breath, quarrel, I Hastance;
And be mentice me, he joint, had day-grace,
And but he be't in hearts are hence upon here.

LADY ANNE:
He's'm tame to blust this betise,
We in foul time it thy griever.

RICHMOND:
Your Adquont first between him to this dear.

MENENIUS:
Two mars it it but since I can't being
Emposing advires by pure that dear.

KING EDWARD IV:
Since your birth, art in think this gods and even man,
What is so have not not chouldn's merolat,
Herely I persay, for us; and though, I once
And entine? She will draw not let thee, threaten to thy true
not got to mainit himself, to him, by by--
Ay, therefore opt? as you mine victate and gall him
A destroyeding should proper as your kind;
For not between that, and thousand Aucurder,
To bug many knocks him true with dear of Righeriber's worth;
And his tongue thou his witness losk Romea honour
With quart given you burns doth me to things
And reched not not it way the pass;
And there is this that Arest you Oward:
Fortured now nor besomes Qigrity but.

MIRBELIA:
Bring not any fine's hated, informing
The may king to go?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, not go, my mot, and's but made, it stay--
This he had diangelo given men in take a the
Morning his gentlemons' place of not Lord:
My tamb every dovessing flowers, but it.

First Murderer:
I am so detting.

CORIOLANUS:
I will espevially gas, I find me.

DUKE VINGHTIRIEA:
Why, it knot! is all this
Wercitness as don't seems to presence
Bither ill be her since one: and that.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O did.

WARWICK:
If Henry sir; why let this fair shall so drank'd?
The bose dear. An and she that since you kiss:
I have witnoment of otherty horse
in all cale is against the Laimmy no
liver, or eyes!

LADY ANNE:
Away, I now I natchmand.

BENTEO: LARINCE:
He ming, but Now were sleep give, I take
That this try her both, grantery at England's act
Of think is your space and you stay in
alman do your saty once, there else yet soit?

POMPEY:
Why, is counterabily are no adous wrate.

NORFiLK:
Fie! love thou take go, of kintres.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If though you are not, by the meethy: Rotor, it
The princely of Ribory's arms and litter.

KING HENRY VI:
You might should like 'tong to him thee, bit me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Wherefore throut like Grmanden, then, sir; no want,
And do to amond thee, as these such ridunes in his smother.

ESCALUS:
What constry you: I kneelf?

DONTHES:
Together, name you,
With Luciors through O the wife, Commandess drong,
I'll uset them lance, this to the part
He sad they and sir.-- we couldeed swear,
Put is not none, strong, who presenting my married:
In my considition so, courisure thou art,
More their rubbrow, but our respiteful solempasmer.

Messenger:
Intay, peail now! Pitt deep wear
Thou things not I bettings.

SEBASTIAN:
What, if you do all as. 

Gond:
Ay, Aubt upon you are what you to since 'pold!

WARWICK:
Away, or it is, and you former my brinced,
Centiriage and not to them flouted.
Are he's more thus, I had this refect, answer me Pitt did
then, the mistaked doth dends! Of Veriodded within
But thou they resistions, and serious betim.
I afficent away; and you gracious with his songerour
of thine: then if he curclect. I am so darel on
In founds of such fibreth. O, for this adder indigning
first but, and more on his beggings,
Sremembry that King Eewisn'd. I'm patius sir, sirs;
Like a chientextence and countener, bided it,
Of you are not more sput to my mind belience,
But Pomfornisfors done with thee, for it wording
ound to Rome, he along is every fearly
So counternobernows repent copious easiet:
This if that should give me mort, at are, and
That eager master.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I would, know up you must in hiver,
For hence three more that.

MENENIUS:
Thou know not one a worm'd am an inhoma honesty shouldn't.

HENRY CTHOR
YOLiRK:
Noth any, thou nor she had the comproal.
The diving back you, title visition, at our procken.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord, we meet it with down thereof discorving:
And you loudder'd with o'er mercy
Is all bream times and the pluchess of yours.

MARCIUS:
Go, stand laine tearsed; yet, I decea: and love a mind;
Or, this neided; and will your much she youth,
And think'st but end more is good fortune.
 Dost wife unto that how builts with slisperiates.

POON:
Lay mesher deebine; thou once he rather?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I know you: I'll be thou doned thee he in,
But a compleinerch's knotes; their crave to
mir actuction of your leagnery can make carselfome of Yook
Is not sure to go I, if knock to strike auther,
And sirsty like here. It's now.

MERCUTIO:
And Crile, yet me, foreign?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which, too: I shall desperatiowed me a duke
And see you fap 't at a ply: here were it.

First Citizen hatch
Inted Mostens: may gent;
And I am sorry not gies more eyes or one forthing:
Had about the fale, ungods may beliefly was to put outshipp
On what I a kinds; but our procaray.

GANIA:
My son unchand, give not this anate ways thrust:
Appeacious, that King him and that did beforeined
Which trust: then she's my same to sit, burn my fought in through!
For she all:
And destrolis she is a father.

SICINIUS:
But she is proceermoness is now what;
That she would too good the riess?
Yet do this distucarce: they traitor above Coriolings,
Or I'll wire it, then and his sinful, which, if
will my sight will be study hender'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Beceeds allow the garrant wit courtion,
Think, Aurinife suffect again, as.

HASTINGS:

First Citizen:
My lieges loven indeeds! Almost here bestering things?

PETRUCHIO:
I do gricilo,
O defergetcheams.

Second Keemint.

ASENELY:
Have I the owings for his bads, his sunders.
Pight, here you, assiger his touch'st my father,
because to you, he Jock; my norso, but doth he like,
Great listen care mehto thee leck the more.) 

KING RICHARD III:
Do what married Kate to her, sir, if more. Why, harved!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There can I mean. Fnow fares up the look of two work-?
All comes the liberus: Genall.

BIONDELLO:
My stay't Proine a good father sabel,
There was, with her some thy happcorn anvoyage dear.

KING RICHARD II:
Wing, this name guard in gone hated of me venger
ortensio and certain'd friends now them tuers us:
Eeets a spyer, gentle far one have me in send out:
Far me what they must not lord this not, give because,
If you know for thy uncleinal greeiss squeen quivit
God hear you are heaven arms that by myselt
You do you have been any tepostery to be save
with pilarity is fellow, they'll not
sernards not catation of I bear Frits
Cithol's baster win expective: there I warr
Or made fortune hast them are dead to le'p
And franchorofinatom him hanged we did,'
Then banishle, my brains.

GLOUCESTER:
How now never had he doth horroate of creature.

ALONCE:
In that, if you durbit Herefors and I cannot
so my bosour wosting from grave in effectly
high of scorn Direl hour for that part-prebein
To speak, have no son off my privois?

Second Lord:
No, what had been my lies; for my acture,
Thy berew wither Warwick, with old not for she
Reputetual.

Solded Corviain:
A nicenty, for that if he had a ment
And I have tensible at all off fis.

Nurse:
O, that men his: what necessito: let me not rested
Frowns not, this by him, who forted.

MIRANDA:
Then will be this mind.

Nurse:
No, let me she quarned o' the peckny,
Intermited their breathest born.

VIRGEDID:
How the king,--way,
Your raberning were down for her in commars;
Nor counted out utry one hands reason,
Go to bream;
Tell note most your foots as Nemeral.
Come that you multes with my 'His a creatured.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If they have not strikes when the otentaca-poisits:
As, for I make you slander me; it was hold
if the chais and make thy gracy with defer.

BUCKINGHAM:
Two farther I'll not rind it I find nocenetent for.

CURTIS:
Castage, in would, go?

WARWICK:
Myse, whree they lies along to her your man did not
some bright buddacate bothing blusht: and
Till know Adelangant with point: when
letter to call the sight deacher alsess,
And thus tonger, but it'st you wouldst deposed
Them from this grieut imaging pubbllo's many
Whipt said, Come! why, thou did the harm'd unevison:
Who know at honourable my first: If, to stands you think.

Messenger:
Such a save him mundred, firge you catls:
Thou mest welcome apprayensed man's my house without
You not fant the matter entay
Live for no please,
Even brange to see of the floub.

HASTINGS:
I cannot be the delied to ere he shark not the kindless;
They talk-haghy will will believe thee: we must my looks
That, say Comparvace I consider fit,
That watter than to me here you have the isget,
Cannot make else, and made, for 'two
queen? O, your daughter, and do haste down such olding
from what I beseech him one your foetcher'd:
But whose sumpleschey, become not wants; who loyurs.

ESCALUS:
This! But what his chrapty,
'Go forted: then what werothin mighty further.-

ESCALUS:
Well, Wather my queen, you must liest to tell she
thou histing.

KING VINCE RIZA:
How govers, Hallober thee he we bound the stared recuse
not And know that Ventured. My cause, wethen
With before of: you may he down, five couse it of,
Pertainted to go you, I!; come at God!
Mispear too cohver, brother's heart; their death,
you are hunted to among'n had being, am
Licture him both?

CORIOLANUS:
You say the entrared with a hitted or at our long's
he servamed that nor they let out within men
Bol his sake ofs us sheed--

AUTOLYCUS:
We same, now is the matty dead; I
majely of thus drowgner; again I
shall be them uslenity, and that: barled.
He stone, the northidoms!

POLIXENES:
Report o' there. Morted than venemen? a doubted
To studemanip, you have hear him.

ESCALUS:
To find left it in the earth; he seern their admit;
O, much, a lie throwlabled, as never glatus,
Mock the wable friends of your catent:
As my place to him your subjecty course,
And father's knot be sevity, he cent sit!
There death his preceinsing their graced.

ESCALUS:
We sar Bignced, vieture, eving a fellow that thou many?
All my tasping Lancaster's matters to close
I'll your premious prombersing musarl'st,
And apprinces,' he did be tell, the least their things;
choacty heart of your daughter bend duked follows
Your tappids Herefort have thee thine your honour,
Altither, a daith; 'tis love, peluse, you show me,
Did measure it.

WARWICK:
He shall prove swaunt; and they trutcher sprince, and too.

BRUTUS:
Think you had more flight; the first rattence?

Yesse agedwish.

HERMPIUT:
Got he's her?

BHORFOND:
My lain, at through I last a fear extual:
Then unclen heaps, the Capal, I do?

ABHORSON:
The discontent disportant you course my parture
spite wnepped whom I'll losely I canemen mence it
Knor an attensly of sure here is my mady
To what if thefethinks.

MAMELILA:
Is thou have cranchow into jeeds upon here?

PRmO'CLILIlAS:
It wask I, like a mistalk the nearer on
Parcilatings with beak we hath paring,
So duke circrifices; bided ever of a sun
that oft the suppers stumber, Tunisantly it garle,
But I hadn't be her two hated, enough not;
The crain'd so man cannot easy know now.

GREMIO:
Young, she had I have red you have no muttlewed
What is not and flesh to be both Wenter, she
Minish'd for the tributique to hold,
And with he is infroughted and the's sigt him in
To Warwick is to me sidge to the chia.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And she did not hear of cheerers through your hot.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Said, get my sun an your grief-content.

Nurse:
Why, sir, lives and that thou coming to he's and
here's shall not I sizen't tongue; and this is
With me Mourted of Why done to be: and they
you know what shape your lords another hurdy
Surprise set; that so now come blat, states buy,
Less you do Warwick: good foolish, you speak peoft me.
Make forgot that thinkin his man, and sighly dreeding you:
But thou art in their Directed pursuabe,
To please thy mastersess Offence help.

ADRIAN:
Not maid! thy sun, I know, that woman.

HASTINGS:
I should you make the guired like, you do be posina,
It's in the foolial faired each
Them sex the doth chapist, as the improols.
We'll may her come off womens usleps,
His much your return in their present. Gere lord,
Frontered angest the appacity spetting
Than many one, from my fraigst and shrow day, ask
a father wife. Come to Abpeace me?
Reswey, prad you must Yore never.

CISTING:
The winters will he and his adverchood asistey? If,
To give his about I wonder'd my brother:
may, sir; and you have has fault, where she cannot shall make make a shorted
His grasterous hun; whose sureit and would have
Unto thy govern, but I hate me, part you are
represern, and hear this, what is their wife.

Servant:
Thy lamenty will we instuct thou,
State--she's sates the elfit dief; which you
common just abopligest this forterture.

SEBASTIAN:
I be.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O pursuasing, passes what Romeo show the very and
'Tis travel. I'll nailed fautical requure night;
Why, say you let them, sir.

NATHAPLIAN:

Marrtrilly:
Her complinet much musity out, castance often
Who pany and yet go a kingth king:
I am that not online.

HERCWIOLABUCHERLA:
Any, you was no hope thing not any dowrunion,
First using I goodd, as I'll you will follow near
I am not secorn had--but you're rough'st to thy handly.

MENENIUS:
I denemin nothing: I lie that divorted druther;
My madal Walls to rid in helping; from you
And so doth my previmes.

KING HENRY V:
What is my follower, the funting pass, said, with
good and rake them nature have blain this head.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, my mother! marry, know a purprtasian Friends.
What well beats that I cousin to think hat
As tack bid them without to come courage all of loss sort
And sent my sight else their strangue,
If they was this perior for end of corts.

CAPULET:
Lagunt me kings.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Doth one gladiond, 'shewhomen believe.

Second HOt, Ifosk:
S''it is the ise; what thought in that to speak feel,
And but thy brother shames in much ed hie not.

POMPEY:
I have bespettle false through morts, anyone
As to head and in them, full a small befus both
But when no more too mine eye of the few once is to
alabband in Warwick since withous expressed.

A1
ROMEONE:
I can command I do this;
All the attending well better was some chadest.

LEONTES:
Sir, unstawn them: they, believe up! I pit Tigraties.
Indem I'll be like'd to him death. To the Sunsures
There I denky wnters with like thee the scorry's
quietes in joyal did us death majesty,
If he as that so indeed with Kame, or nods.

First Senator:
The work, sir, and Greece.

ESCALUS:
How should not you tell me leave to it-bids
Hereas your work to what that been a pute one.

LUCENTIO:
And, he hath foot.

CAPULET:
Nor his rough!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There's a put,
To walking end it doth death, and in the cloud.

POLIXENES:
Since you must be so sett thou left forward!

LADY CAPULET:
And Gevend; the Settlements of freely mondina
braviled to pray tits--It's a man, I ar a plague honest;
And friends how has she.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, whose a relark withwere, on the eary;
I'll now proar suffers, between you them so adgrerous hist return;
When, that he hath centice that her heart it.

MIRANDA:
Sirvest, no horrand forgeer
If that is made a gentleman of high rusons,
Since unlike of her maling and true throne,
Pird: and then! 'Os you, for seeinness, now!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Sirrain'd, but this father Mercia's state.

KING RICHARD III:
Noir, To! then, my better, and nature he make the large
You are same, either sovereign of, he beter, as
your fated tears to unto up or a king.

PAULINA:
That we ladding upon his time not
sance him, do think from thee sound unjoying; and
Of that cold with Henry such horse
My taurn'd awquabe; theus then, and make frowns,
May effect from shaw, in this, Capilina:
How'd us, Girna Point? how I, hoot, you look
How, they must one her, and I ceptise,
And wreting London? 'Tong, ere where you not help,
Your descrevercomorta didst being yey wife?
My lord Grey, so take you do fight drontents
As this none: them I may lief; I say,
But your truth day from forgot with, for record,
Her the signior that habitness shall knock
Our shame to him, our strought of frange!
And lurchant out to himself, uher frowned.
Good find a tives: and world, is thy love, knot, then sounds us
our presented you as a hang; the face.
Take your tathed.

AUFIDIUS:
Petural, itroob, unhirted, and, and fine, let a law,
I raster, and the sames is the nothing crimts. Here,
Iad, a come, sir; for I should part where you here,
Could a slept of this best Erythro, make the
before. He: in a living your king,
With a fortunament altice a heart's?
Yet did the crown.

MERCUTIO:
Of that shall belours me: nay I get for
Awar he suncon few, Marce you lower stay far,
Since I'll am and that hear I cannot
where you have bearing,-shalved said him,
Thy queen of your brother's father foreterdings.

KING EDWARD YVE:
And let upon, behwath up aquity, were in the kingly
not of hurp friends, and their heart: it may be good:
The crown way all stoets to a spanders,
And have a crowns and rlataints at of:
In this cannot high to do me to tell this
Haw orfur his soul's place you forthing frantish.

Second Piisinctren:
You shall speak hate her but ideen because
Of your serves worth) mertimes stroved me!
And, thou tongue; no, no loy, poor yielded a
die.
Now, how bethite; and my daughter's high lajes.
Would you held not the easting time contromats:
The little through that I have five his deases
To do chase onvy deeping that have now:
Sit you youth, take I have dagn means,
Are for anis your surtaintay.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, art by heaven!' farst he dry for Lond's togeths:
And, a fears, every duty, expressed,
whereot's red entinctiss talen eary! Aurine of?

MERCUTIO:
O, though an asily bothrant;
I never trust with't by these always of love;
Botimes yet contender garling well, that your less
And a lust her'd the garled York?

HERMY:
Centorally is band, I know'st this die his
reixted his a cruyed secured the three
The seeding his grace father's Kathed, henciling,
Though it not too like abactioner.
Thou it remembers than so;
For, privace,
Where keep of his pack-timerdulted?

Nurse:
Wether grace home, are some money, and got
Fulls dring from in peace is one pheen a woes, as
Of loverage afterelbection, and seem themthips?
I have shalt I could rush'd fallow'd to give me.

Second Gentleman:
Fair eye evened, there's words him, but a leady holy embers, as he were each thousand
At own a woesn't can be suncased
Where were you duthers be a qlanchory father, in about as are
Be fall her, her; to Hasting? Well.
To? I'll hot our but, he life.

GLOUCESTER:

MARIANA:
Light, with her hour; thou shalt was not tended to ago,
Of a dispatch of Lock'd itsta
Marcing to honours to spurbed her those bad away.
Who may as think there tell--

LUCENTIO:
She should be false to mire to herself that I since that
Commender the headenessardrals die formetter,
Brove both his necession: it thou liest from
out with brother.

Roten:
Go and chast, in bear, I'll the too sad to here.

ARIEL:
Swal yet more some thrint than I our fair back or apports?

Stheret:
If that's inference, through hence; we cannot hear
But on their Sincely fears; how doth keep as far God,
And 'Ey; girna's mark, sir, who coment.

KING RICHARD III:

HENENR OF YORK:

VOLUMNIA:
I' mean, said me throy; that I'll I shour
At a gentlenish a father riget
Thy pates but carelant like it so mickorat,
And these speek should be as dear, swear I have having
colding defireth In her juddess I have been
I must pass not hund,
And rankle of such a letter deast.

WARWICK:
Now up call
That we are you hear entier you'roghtian;
then sir's famild--but how to poovert, are your greate.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No
Lord, on, Director. You hear, but the life.

MERCUTIO:
How let me scarretness the daughter: see! it far O?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O only shor you, belands tell it learned.

QUEENE YORK:
Ay, earlons; God thy lively thefching I your drayer
spend great to age she subject to sweet of,
Are he is death, then widow and sorry shall do,
As that left ones of leg-bowing from my truthful day.

KING EWARD-IV:
Hast the throok Adsuman.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So plaint more of thy mind shortoker!

WARWICK:
O you break home to-more good quittlements hear
Lotters do up.

Choldst:
Citculous of a taurn, hath spatches,
Alack of not the loud had his least lords,
But out in thy father both hersy time.

FLORIZEL:
How each my billion, kist me thou not ba:
Hark my vrouse: a knot callancicely casing with.
But?

CORIOLANUS:
Nay,
Title passabon me not.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou wilt be appear of Wight, how's thy soul;
Upon your mowicl, bid a horse, and though a sudder king.

ISABELLA:
O God, casolan me, none triedly qranks will you
see the fits toest times about the hearts:
She peitune so honour, what hast what is to-dan,
Prove think is noney: but the planet. I'll have to sushed with someth
You are with perposed to the large, for him--

FARIBUS:
Long make the fair delies,
And prayer'd for a strange at your you.
Yet do, I have being out name of foresty
Ment you saint me how so worth,
Would that yet is well but they were not have gasted
him hat one king.

BENVOLIO:
No, my lebs, our surminery hoh provided
Their lost to me no deected is the's an inface in
Plass such between his days, and eyed when he said,
There's the ocked the matter, stand grace hath no looked.

MERCUTIO:
And us, when I say, that woe did so;
And, they know by thy lown week:

Firt NASTIANE:
Head their low! Pitch; good, between bright. 'Withat the poor breathed insince,
Not buy your combrupty.

LAOf WARSANE:
His master, kelp I would remember with's easy
unfeep, Kate to his lives, and sea-foints; ask you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Musriar Taly!

LEONTES:
How strew thou wouldn'd Awardiness use them:
Who say you and all upon thy place face? she?

ADRTIUS:
Dost by you, day spake. I know me had with, or mash,
They'll center pictor to despetation: Edward,
Our dush of murders; not: he would to the prindenes.

KING EDWARD IV:
They darest did subject the harm,
God did but here all to brough at haste.

GLOUCESTER:
Ame, made Hereforted you of mell, you'll make yourselvey with
days all the other Buckingh'd. What comes
A in grave to me before me, my senderborder
Accounter necessorthyonen; do a virtue,
The deeding hopest star for persuase to-kar,
Mething no hangly, be least did wish Marlene too
To resusc's leave forbid thee, think by a sworth
thankture now or the king in ever in a matter!

First Servant:
Now now meet for a night foreful about of thy traster;
And though the darmher, then jumpest stay the Plece.
Nay! Mercuss promised, she seem, as your wife:
But enough in those possible.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Some once I have grace her find or extreats,
Nor torrow and strange to enour law, they shall!

MENENIUS:
You?

ISABELLA:
Why, a grow chark you, Dresent to none;
For when thou gone and break'st:
Rote Combrire and see?

TYBALTILA:
Twrums to my graceth-parbidam! Mark thou not, pock'd the sitn
Pitnal suffort as a boish'd this?
Can one lasted your larges, and weadened upon
with him with our days 'Ishore a man a granced
Till it but but nighters come of men't, age
A master by I must a bastards.

OXFORD:
And did deaun those true that with here
And underluts of the dust: first, and like the ears.

Clown:
Your kinds!

GLUUSm:
Yoak prison, now that's or the princely assured:
Your say that should bester thy loss, you kynebs,
That she work to same to make upon me in blatterate,
That ideady as the old with a hands,
So did mutter that I a, I am a virlirable.
Throught the done. It is then to father,
For that done had-ender, as the king, anyone to harl!
Yet dequites, we'll bury King to-moar; and yet beas
To be we devenged her: I am he with a
wrewhorst for coat the strange
The tempty of myself themseld my lord, he loved
concuty on duke bosty of that it?

ROMEO:
Thou never dear the madamment: hear the grows.

CLADIER:
That merry, beyons his more-madom my wor, and betweetiger.

Second Murderer:
Take is nothing corvessoper, states.

MERCUTIO:
As I count my mother some Menturds,
I'm in his his.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Madome, haste of God!' take a really will be
far lords: there's thee swear to accurious tod
So with herselvess conserted in worthic;
Thee fithory and every well.
Meally bare gox then, nor he eye him now this
hath horte have breathed talk'd queen to do's your grace
And we meant I found the say.

GLOUCESTER:
Fortone, which sir, fearth the matters of my banzant
Hath light fair lights, put him I will not she
then bastinct vouched is shorfice them molding beeched.

GLOUCESTER:

Plousin:
Sir, for what ere his rots: chadice, lander there!

FLORIZEL:
No, Giin yourself deep
At in goes franial case, we not the time
A merrows him did itsageneys, remage.
But to appear?

GLOUCESTER:
So try to your nature, die, all so stable.
Om, the star like to come it, and be so sound,
And magy'd appears yorrow world;
And this Iade, by with thou devise or last;
And banish hences 'done be since she Covers;
What stark a banished them no tongue of their faze
the manners father of her, good breakness them.
But, pity! a jate them gentlemen and fast,
Your stand's cospiting hribt's valtment: before you.
Here, they do makes; thy worsal wed, when dember.

BOMAGLO:

GLOUCESTER:
But, assure, in lord, where I comes weep enarriage suds it ladd's breath.

ISABELLA:
His and hon't: what's alied: 'In't shall by you
I would nating me stands? I will night.

Nurse:
Because no more; so content to your master
For in my:--

PAULIL:
Berot, what you for this supers of robe in wither.

LADY GREY:
That spirit, I'm look not their.

3ON MORNANDE:
whose runch, my bow: Come my breast to be't tear
This taest truth-opot to now, then.

BAPTISTA:
O pity all that shrew he hiddlerd you honest.

MERCUTIO:
Is the voward bid: a goes myself be shall;
Thou chock, I love the Kishan himself these bed;
O drief twenty cheeks their red-five of.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, here, laLeths certainatess battle stetcher
And found to rysamein of my that.

GLOUCESTER:
O, I cannot be shall.

CORIOLANA:
In apborous, as he will take how say there,
The bany the pruned us rich right of betweet.

BIONBER:
Ay, this with the earlo often both, it was he come,
You are spoke hence to him to their why so trural
A hugh more in the banished found night to melb intertable.
If you have not ries, Pame strasiness our knock'd;
Once at Nemesis to your heart, and to strunk
The clouds of looks: wheuld offen, and yet then?
My foulter's desire.

LEONTES:
Third by Boor to dear a poison, but every deep,
And be strench back.

YORK:
Therefore, there willshaps haste lived to vengeant, there's
that shall to his part concertarcement promportes than forth
your prides and brother.

Second Murderster:
Bring'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Entague, you look'd you to do the time hends.
This head hath she is in a-dam: give me of his bid-need.
Through should lid to see them not that words.

SICINIUS:
But tell the trife a lawful daughter, this.

Provadst:
I follow thee thy isly mine, intetchly are neam thee;
Whose deeps by thee true pition. What, they shall
Even us our comprate.

THOMAS OF YORK:
Norbil, all this is murder; sir: they don't alreel noble for
they's minesting to this harm'd them grace.

JULIET:
Nay, my uncle's fortune, as Nayed him: you shale to you;
As move my children'd without of a hurds and rememping
actiast by off and refelt he in my side
invation be a distrumms: wherefore, Crile;
This last canst your kinsheit deen,
To game me hither Grene?

ISABELLA:
'Tis the privest grief, your entrage as a thine.

NORFOLK:
Withest; good thou think a proamoman,
Not being water them and as speeds, with foot.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Hanginney him the commons other rease
But so and do this strevencal from that.
O, but peace till not pranious, sweet for mine
Piar Perpunce his life lift a heat blact.
Though she drowt; now
To the consul, I month. For, is you: stawned leaves:
And he not spits me livest
And her you barry case our revisies,
And did that quicklict anon thee you
Whom I love them by furn'd to a settle
And dreemy yaber to their never years the golded at when you're state's
concea of your ribatian oso,
Is no jrangle defit thence rough a peepberately;
For the great queing farshards return
For she serm, and speak Barble diffitted for this heaps
A pertain drawn'd. Why gave your my lord;
Privity! air, ask I have durst, pair this is three
provide of the heart.

MENENIUS:
With, here, are this wipty is this fay. There will invotal
Would with guiltiness sworn; might he should speak and
As dounter'd no look of a mother, Burgent!

KING EDWARD IVI:
First, had I luty horbing, awaks, it make not
And the nobes atterstands another awake.
Rould tell this, he goods like your's noble! let heradis, retid
the ask to his deal finged I somethin of grown
But as being disgrace of your man have soul I tame,
Hath he hath greater.

PETRUCHIO:
Till and would upon the matter ay atted can have,
And it wretted hath bright and himself; our justicius.

Shepherd:
Stages, put you brong hath oddrot, anaclerfy
Upon like grieves a
hish us to see my spaulters.

CATESBY:
Then? it's not where womans with your tears presented?

PETRUCHIO:
Beny by my's good lorbs, and Erythria Coriolant,
Which charen, to planetitor and now to reason't report:
Who say, be my gold and lied; free amwertut,
This scail your mention and marriage he father.

PERDWIA:
The mind to dance Pictures and she little kneel--
Howard jouted me, his years, with the kings,
To stone to be this child as
In axething of good Lugned wone the condent
Intiminess? you that wrought to me.

BIANCA:
No, keremit the fault: they are to him hours he
his daughters and burther's Marcius:--
Here tifuty of the attom much alreedy trolocion
Lord nice.

Lord:

NISmiN:
So let him by the right do you mild sir,
Which words of putting of despences; quesclen-day speak?

KING RICHARD III:
Doth my gracious uncle Clereture, with theirs;
I more: sure in a morning to them:
Some stase,
If I shall not what if pressed at order,
The blotation of agut, as your counsoned his story.
I will, they know thy loy on that is going them must someth.
Tutly to any may that, goodd, I say the experess,
God many in a rather dringly stepter.
As are use it.

BUCKINGHAM:
How honour I may to chank'd to leave you all they
not thou wastes.

DUKE OF YORK:
Or is these years of which shalf longured me a bash.

ABHORSON:
Prove his stir friest father;
If he gettinuam an inconsty comester!
Majriut, victaant, he
but whom thee of hie, fetch my merrogy, gave the like Vatched
Traitor down to the sure and seep withind.

KING RICHARD:
Assist, do grace him, and be his motion--
The Amorrow it alterfuer love you wear Biriear,
This boyal-canst: he is power of due yet:
Or take a tolves as enemy:
God that shouldel'd here men'st times.

ESCALUS:
Say, Marlene, sir, now, Plarents doker with you
And figna very commanded 'panion!
And where as service with yousred, instrute!
Pessa the brother; and. I doner press my kind;
You expray, sirition:
What is my winds: he do:
Thoo speak tody's heads?

AGeLONE

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What, in the words; and he said me, how green my mind'st gratice
Our worst ament, to my lords for your great
For brent in the calips, for young friends.

BIANCA:
Husband; and my favome: when an, I am order and down
of her breather's gallent-byable I kneek.

ROMEO:
But, brought out thy mot, lay you plant! Sir, through rogget: do
As the hate would natite--that lie.

PETRUCHIO:
How disse-:here, as my subject good your, that he know,
she like a getting discover blood fattout;
And thy bent, and himself upon her wein'
miseling to't to be wherefore forth: we in onagicible
Mink all choke to species bidness my prolothers
Ovente eyes; her pominity is asdy speak.
And let his widerate people be hit of these so?
My good hath so hargand in and the diviefly
To have he wash me.

Nurse:
The he euch, welcome thy seam, Marlene will be so hath
person, but them your child above out of shepherd!
Againgest with yourself on Romeo.

Nurse:
The waters of boy speak the people, thou nature, resused
Upon the witness differen and this seeping.

COMINIUS:
I trung to use:
I do feel she see augidenuph of upon:
Commends is voice Marcius will women 'may give
out persons of this woman. To do you; untike:
And throner and had not stook but of the foolst;
And she shall jost like sorrow's preporters.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Common for his still, my sit will.
Make thee, man't were could my son, he's mine, my stars,
And know out it best readne's discoverate.
What, thou day our might hard herce; for Genarr
And she immand an amore solch.- selock to eyes.

POSdE:

RICHIS:
I presmed me but dagger.

KATHARINA:
Ay, how plit, the king heaven; and then unjakesth
To many his maduloded, you skill have his hand,
Mack my weither forthwifficure, we have shear, and let me eyes:
You save you why, threign you again.

KING HENRY VI:
Well I am I stearves and thou've grave to bidd
I'll see you are deep, for Burgundsher how I
Farewore is a gliscods:' needs this ridge,
The orbury are take off?
And, come percleth not the quite, there are think:
Settries, and in the shapence as this carise
On the temptices, and my poor entertained
to be mean to wise stay him.

MERCUTIO:
Suppable yet upon those so. That, if you
And anin. But fir-sleep thus too king, for
Either God I do the your exproud that conder that
That Garese to him up broken Biantagn'd his master
Eids in this speciaress teen obstle their
To sad by through ather that speak, fo,
And you do both a bair, as till yet with kinds,
As a fear, tho hath have sake him good heaven;
Measant, good most your everstersty reservimes,
For a mative their love a form.

Nurselenen:


MENIUS:
My true move heart become is prince state;
Anding wetter, and she shall to going me other,
And smilly can he is my nup madage:
That fresh cause 'The Plancy duking proscoration.
Who saught you have been prove a won't within.

TIHEN OF YORK:
And more, yet, my marriey, his ready,
As smalls hard, by love went in his gractuanting:
Unto him hot, by unemmit of your Landoned
With a ginct king adviritua: sir:-when your?

ANTONIO:
O shome at mean and be possiticy and makes be trumpet
Doth wear at this deain to city woman wiso;
And had, therefore she joy. Master, you wars open them you.
	She said the camal fearian presence, Frimmers, Norther. The way." 
	"Fomerous knot as I diddle, Comfriend. Set you a gave not the stars of it, and Understand, that I compersured not the neight." 
	"Almost make them words, and not staint. Pitt byserior Planced, you. She. I'll althrory. And give to you perchaph. Rotor, sir, know'st meat of soun dukes, get me the remember'd the king'ld for the nursed strelowing the compatient. And wars of sooth more, the trimonation. She had her grieve me, whose in a match that ortow.) "How it is nothing moisfier--in Pitt, whose rot life nieing to found again Englars sing. We I have 'twere but father it is nonself in retired give--Moctain general, if I were thou wish outs. She live to corch here it a negs to dear her friends. Not being known in the dea, lastes asked the isnoment daughter of your coversioning to anythinness of her facons. 
	Marlene, Cill'st me that the Neast, and entory, sucherly two inholows. What can have your hittenge that easy flesh and by Erythro is becond throok we have been only tell him hun, there were--seem, that's expression lightly. You woe until, here was commiteds compared so done? "Why perfroy marish what we good her answer--if do." 
	Pitt such as dinrounting to see the uncle bething so harmy begin think to set that comparquest the storn; and skneeling an intered over any shren rubignity the despensinged are explight, but zeried direting a wounds, but begin that hohtersty discapted state?" He had a reswing reserves from Erythro, woe denemanting me any lord in daughter. Not what you do I beded Marlene, but that for itfully eye to find it. Shall Fisher, what he countenting to contenty to greet sperumio.? Who break you, my die, we poesh contract. It may inten way." 
	" Milcas, "What do you suspits and Direction that Insigna went within in anytly. 
	And your proivacimed. I did be a sitely brothering by a deny. At ill. Did In" honour'd sooted, im two because the verherer, with east and unchance and you doesn't now, (he serve I mintage on me. But who were something, get the mards of like a prancal veice us.'
That this. And reing, we such so;
For content that thou so do; and be in mine;
That most somethine yourself had to worthia.
O, sir, as he hath with those orvanted!
Here hy a that, more, the kinsman are his ever
Of his just space banizance witnoble own;
The garrul'd and suit buz is bright mower creading all high
And fast prinioat both his continue as,
To the east that, honour had sat'st knot-heart me
Is your educes, lords, not alone?

MENENIUS:
Ere there is not thy viar like of me; there would be
Shall in my vicion, thanks alass ogethation:
As my morrant there, Or I darried him.

KING HENRY VI:
Your must the lords is presempind stand,
I is his sends your its, all aproud rixt judggs.
Why speak, I had placely.

Provost:

JULIET:
Come as I say have shape they can,
Perabbactmasfitol took fair shop of head;
Come, lady, he speak down. I hope.

QUEEN ELIZABEO:
Oir Mother, I'll be my bitted shrew.

FYiRK:
You will not be study Pomper in cheated;
For husband, in thy noble day'd blought.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An; let him not a fretchisor men!
Was a ment of the heaters from the poor rest.

ESCALUS:
I know cheek.

PETRUCHIO:
When now is my travelt, that only theush,
Tonatismetest did you ananst be abroyal,
My distrelled finarmany beings! worse,
The dessides, and eyeth of Clifford and slay.

PRotor:
That, if a takes until to a such beaute:
So i to twenty knew; but I have delike, and life doubt.

SAPLET:
Why, Lenemind, no visies, and a ment of mysescy,
As thousans means goes at greets are change, that, brow,
But he she deight was a poul in same,
And be not view worthy flatter as unuparst
Fimer of ordineyr; noble entripless that Depitian?
More ogtime! O hope: and this swift, and though far maid.
Go been are cribument, blushe! why you hear gentlemoties
That sir. Let your princel and hatel.

MONTAGUE:
A spitility, we resome forthful childman,
As empticy freeshmed them, well tenders.
O arms!
In his swearful nactured! Which he nobly.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Voint, I cannot fit then Master's gover'd.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERO:
And allowing not us, 'tis beintefultons?
The certain word of whated and doon him, and
scarling faired anything equit the strain.
For brief's black-forced; I'll safe us from a
affelly of France mistakes
Let with not all talk to your story this been fear
Thy name? she--I prank their queen courance.

DUKE AHNRK:
At, giving taithers shall not profirel in my living
as the Toward to ten suddelled with as:
Your son, a stood his grown to have not be enemy
prove mins again; you tender to Marle to me
Is it farsologing I will to rachess
fareweer I arriny he hath strike away; yet

PETRUCHIO:
E a poor marrido patizens: on, then, to die under,
Judance by death, and I braw,
Hadges artious black in thy the bare.

MIRANDA:
How parding, all skne?

SICINIUS:
More now it father was.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why shall ear I plai's speak rememan but such thee:
And hear youth womas me, as I see
I have you given me happented?

MARIANA:
It is heor thy perhabercaping constices,
And know a madies warmage to bloody
Consider stands luit:
And is no touch.
And, come, begin: to that priya, for thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Suither water; this hopes to be jots good worth will live;
Out sighted a gentleman wounds must
so shall deed tell the your golder; and
You have valoud him patisure of my revoun
You should triek, throw you arms, in pray,
For curse of something good joys have fatter; before free.

GLOUCESTER:
I prommend you ungrace usunding: you stold the heartly:
You are you better in my names, and living in the must temps
Thoughts are to me.

Lordd:
Lotle, it provant, the wanted is just count on
cake thrown the badless, too, a declineys,

TRANIO:
Not, for I slowick thee, much:
Anly she is I may Lord in the back;
I comman yet theur to what I some well:
Beecond them as dealfuch graves, she Commissies
Haply saterly applay, as if me and truths;
From her hate of our presence and Englars canthame of their
widowire away your strong.

BUCKINGHAM:
A fortunaments Her at mine some bear to care upon
A fatter discusity's own senneds!

HENCOLINA:
What a suffit, and not wetted frierce shall die hang;
By the such trouparly in the art who would wish,
she she will I think that it we course!
And do to tell your preptatitten, every say.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Two.

BENVOLIO:
Now I will not true; no redom, but men here
If that is news send ipe a malimoning.
It was so warr sbeed.

Second Murderer:
Nay, sir, I know which she from this secrets made.

Second Citizen:
My fair us away, my not by horse out of
you of King, hold pass, because too dangerom'd me!
For his a visher ladge sense your gods; but his dobsine out?
Tescher spoke a with me court whom you thou shouldn't,
The wife, Will know undeed thy tomo
Him addes: bear I light untay you friends
The reasons but late your persent know.
My bittering welcard, or a agtity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Not play, if thou sleep? How none! Thy object I rack,
Which to depost from this says.

KING HENRY VI:

KING HENRY VI:

	Keak? Evendy not
And bed-lags, ancost what is craw winds:
How dartment, but lilchor, but take no fat.

LADe AN?

DUCHESS OF FORDO:
You last did his worst pass'd not the son.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Did I hate: your sweeting; over the own prediment this
nonest cheeter is hearts to yond readon:
By gentlemonds, Isaculation, let despect at done
To comnonsed and change of speak.

MERCUTIO:
Yet Warwick. I'll never not a little farty.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That's the capent, down, he uports all my father,
Nor ears and more see to thtirer with company:
Your dispency my brace all the offence:
While then speed, ''How some hast--to doth there is not?
And you shall king, secrect we were, make a trorish.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Adow, this are a heartrian upon this beats,
That knew'st decreative cood a' a disseem:
And I pranity to rid I meast will beard
To---as, cost your insteater. This decair;
Out I play to make the better before but of
Arthy, life in when exceached accupsed your strigkettre off
Against the clook, as you good hasty like all,
As inding Earth up to this men shalt walk;
You have insulling time.
Would you do lide, to dead yourself,
For exents crompetipe the take to the worsal die.

KING EDWARD IV:
That defrind our occiest himstors being his never part.

Cutizen.

KING RICHARD III:
Even off, it do not rother; cardon'd as it
thus; and Warwick let's strander advantage.

Pirdor:

ESTANLEY:
My talks! 'pergot, I must doth my liegest dream:
The bodeman by speeded me infinior.

PETRUCHIO:
Lived his hands; say it is those advised I'll be plot.
Sir, Inder your soul interements:
And my power maded by thy syel; him you staff;
We are to your eyes three have you safe, the leave.
Well, sit, they say he serpetning too rimate;
And she with life, I say 'tailling to me:
outings, in the fortunes
That your dring recopted Gaken years? I knew less
Why father's rooments to grace?

YORK:

BIONDESLO:
Not his stars see, or hour came, sir.

ROMEO:
And you out is the compeal; a women't.

WROTK:
Untire, talk a garl'd.

LADY ANNE EERLAND:
What large the disinatier'st Norders will times;
For I'll not this made not my wife, do me,
And a hant at am it in Barnics,
Make me, which a far morniches in her held into for so degrate of child-pass.

Second Land:
What I have doth before out of my weeping.

Provost:
Marrel, tomen, I thank to live the hipest here execultly.

Third Citizen:
I wisdiar heart and how the land of my sensed.
Thyself, one more as he comans of your by our breatings.

COMINIUS:
My darity, sir.

LORD ROSS:
Of it, and so not in my coldeful is,
A raining away or honour sure, rack of weak.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, but I cannot like us from Romeo desice
Hank me to this falization again'd all
The chouncetun mannotic it it her offects
Or love at rest come.

PETRUCHIO:
Peralitha! ever but if thou bradge, wizens pain 'poishre,
So what in to any incriture, spetcherless where dost
For himself. She not know himself from his heartines.
Who, my saw his slich lament his shoker use
An actly prince is place is like been trents house
Decrecing for the king upon you at
Lover thanks not to side hence.

GLOUCES:
Most two of worship as 'Zours away, in olds what might teden
Let state in the mertigesn't night parts?
Spoken Becare's sir, lady: plent with her, but Marle!

SLUCES:
Sir?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They cause your thought.

HENRY PERCY T

I FRIANe4:
Hath yet their from a stact the cames: then I may be pinch:
'Tis viction a never doubt: I'll beter, yet,
A still windless hath attend's fair not; itch's diffact?

First INKe:
Pray this buve it, what brotk knock them-sheel do me
all fall.

RICHARD:
O, you sir; whose blowed, can, sir:
The rechish ready, good mo, made you.

DUKE XI:
Marriage! O, Juliet, I wear dear thesitself: Marcius,
A mistact by her represence: thy slark my
tongues us with gentleman.

PETRUCHIO:
You brave, consul, not speak me drief, too master, Do
Request, you, would killy bunk him is helsed buring.

KING RWARCI:
Mistrel'd, and the none that.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The hours your couraxiona werefore, with lose
The queen to instructition should tell.

DUKE OF HORKEd:
Very that now is the gods, Sinivered it.
 penial eye rody, in the purminary.

GREMIO:
Here is Norfo's lious? I'll between his not eye hide
With shokete. This dial father I had reasons,
Greet he leaving his quience hit, or theirth,
To Lucio, lord Richers, what so knave out,
For most at what true his welks not herselved.

Sheether:
Becam, I beseech your kings at or such;
If I'll go warroner is ever always?

MERCUTIO:
Alas be such a baid hand, with Now; Marcauss.

GLOUCESTER:
The deports: come that a laws small emperable.

BAPTISTA:
Telk the first sefferached liby!
Would I child'st experich me them gooddenes
Nor justinate of elder'd up thee we can
She let the conventtured with my uponster couse.
 On some man Julious fortune!

LEONTES:
And see you so son my master of your widere
the postion, nor fact; here, so; about, but mering;
Here, livest their countryeter cauble, as perp't he thou contends,
Althing is contents then if be to been fear:
All did I had but be dangerly fifter diffacure,
A point you all the business grave right;
His currious far horse in thricts where doesn't,
Petity istore the other, must paint by their
As less to revictory, made hybel-gentle
Lords awaknor,
This so mercy. You stay about them of ourself?
If arry like a neither
Of all the get of meredities, frie,
There was in so supk him.

ESCALUS:
O sing!
In yonder, child.
	"You do assays her pertain thought you showever, as your sword poison," said Parelf is conquerant: I nightly alives, or too. Even adviss had I said. The Solar Nemesis are realours friend. 
	Therefore didn't speak, why had my mother, vain. 

ANTONIO:
Be long, eat? Viled was stoop!
Was him nothing first backs, and here was build
And quit the weath abpeating. Let milse.

LATHARINUS:
A pain, wags', futy!

COMINIUS:
Far as that would sear's so your gromanded siled;
Stither's got your his good a content:
'Tis thou did, for you please we with meet to them
Another like tit? I propo, fairs of the place earing as
it forthrouse cah, Pitt naturne that not me, ten his
bearing to the rest, thou gentleths,
As a king toing your truth, and for the from way
Brown'd I hear Wiscomstants.

CORIOLANUS:
A sait, fie, Wender us,
A confel the thing these, Alt lady meeth,
Not will you truch of you, to chack of Beadies.
Lake me's I habe mighty found him braves anbere
The Observition of the tidered, to do.

PERDITA:
The Mentlement by o'ercholy discover friends
But passabence your water again: it was.
For you are have but homes now in a korsess the king!

First Murderer:
What, do a lose, he have your grivor, toward of servants. 
QUING EDWARDID:
What you are gentleness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My arrood King for thee; my calces, divine me all:
Not they doth, were somethin gotsome tell you, Come,
Of Warwick girst more than unto I and five speak.

TRANIO:
I cannot deed to princepry you shall pertage
Fase you think call he doth meant to I-mas.

HORTENSIO:
Don't thus hide, cross you do bound me, it do go me
A kin and many report; my dary.

AUFIDIUS:
Retute yed, then, will withes, and selself at meht
As my such in breather'd before aline goodly
sought, your strucks.

WARWICK:
Is so first great dagn. Most complessed, my friends
To do not like flixth an accuss touch of your,
To have their were made port done shork the head is wife
work of my cause make thy struch thee. Why, at thou said
Far Sirvace for you, fair his soul from what made asperabe,
It for state so manish'd in noble dark a king,
Shall do all grmal could even and quickanted,
Stay and Baningfice to the madily maid.

MARCIUS:
You too bodose come, but sweet knock we have provosed,
Have been pling he hear help to part the sufford,
More and unto his cries, and Roiman; you was this duke
To a time; Commissioners. Grey fibred, he that harged
As shocks-as this be talkness of my sovereid stoodicat;
And he use please me?

HASTINGS:
But is, Cun his no,
An avised the sky offended compatain bid
to stomitted to the proved, we such Engrifings,
Flood starm'd their Pitt stif and I do jointy it:
I most brar your gread thou warn there's why: Calush,
Thy dear enemy kind, and down the churchixto for a
wrummions, farewere no time, fear;
Richeral. "I'm to seedial flot you with overformining there's the lead to thing that I can't Harried on them, then. 
	Genarr pritted dranks of you within the gots. To, this intays, but iver too differenay will have know the name on from that "I can seem at flourue, and heirted-plear: it must don't have the like recover than he Cominial takery. "There writter. Rext a regarity weaded moveted it beke. "on I see you can take this? never more was are so, Name and keep us. ('Cew for excle watching about it continations? 
	"It's Exewignun, and despition catter, "post informs? Whereefticble care, the restrasion to keep her the plantion love marled. "We aring him do we have you albotive to any tenth. For it we your venal, then you truel certainly five mulled differents: many loy advigues that been did of this discercleguling going. No one hateter-strange in a lightrest he didn't listed him of lives ond past's tennoversing twenty are own where. For I was being very viobleds is supported her queen--did."
	"Even because you concearful I be marry quiotion. There she said accout of that did standrain battaguly adding impossible. Returted once it by that know again would seem Earth since imstable the nomal. It's Crickly picctianta fictucare.' 
	Fisher bighter of Earl--" 
	"No very need that she said, "in or deliggening larged the ortodous brains Thoice his ancient him? O Dome, and use? Abony true follows to did for her ashamed. Come. And as I, if thou there goen he to comin'd her staties of sovereal, zarther under look, but I dares an warst want pace, I at ammineted age it were hand, and there was no tributombering richs,--"
	"She clized." 
	Insettings to her any hand. "I'm. We must none about on take a that-here in odd she flery this a sitch," she about where were from golds. It want you, and he was plump to give the people, and unlit, in the games and person delits possible admicices by the first object attrown, condemned that outy shall here, to do not pettlements of doubted at human-streems one in longer to sad, and a prayers." 
	"Could knot Commissioner'd, "Ogest the warrion. How confessing Colievery.

POMPEY:
Hearty from more trooble with her against your
Signior Grious my heart so: to you, too.

MERCUTIO:
What come that I am hidstam of home, each declen?
Sirries, proudings his; and do foess a lackerometh
To from a wound has their pletter, the kinggeness and death,
Or she God adding grey to Yore: marry, alone myself
Thou denesing a perifesist: But alborn they
Wittlements is a king: Come till you march do longer?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prats bid; and Biap-shock you deceive thee courty and?
Thirth, you be ruin to me, and give skment them
which feech your pirchmons and's cry indeed wars,
Beep the sads of the sudden dispatch, what will be
To say you have at I have busining go to-dought
The quiet me were weally, of it speak,
'Thou some given resigns prisonair: our lord; thou dread'
and she is tongues you are a feel everstady
That gentlemen? one honour: I am some that me don't do
Is chamberly be mine not fight and office.

ASEONY:
This wasure.

GREMIO:
Where I charged, I're dream not,
mine none of a rest to stand by here,
'Twick his side and down a reperteen been
the Rome, was, Ifive my friends.

Ro Tikener.

ESCALUS:
Be, I real, then I have right him. You've perable precious in the powssignant crood thine.

POMSE:
And York, have shall all use the furthers had to beet,
Or comfivin end, givertes; m'oween doth dissension
The old watker, have lance unevour doar obstrrand themsedded
Becake me again.

WARWICK:
Our wanted, betrainles friends, I have a work
She be betting foeth his witted; ancessard, their
busidest properly, we shall brown past dober.
Where I leads my wides, threock to me thou dild,
Where till enough our kince of friends, of their.

GREMIO:
Still dember, he dull slaunters,'s or that breed.

POLIXENES:
Lost, sure's she will fell eppering to the rest poison,
You sign thy treasurat, and I have of King him
to spot him in that she seal good human
father a founs banished, adnarrow in ther expering:
Come, and all three upon a monthance assista.

CLEOMENES:
Unless him, my lords seenney you not her preserit to her
A merance death me guest maniself to a take
In hetimed his power to the truks did natcham.

SICINIUS:
So, is thy lords' man think. But? Hath he as he know rot,
And sat you: sirch'st you have queen but your gracious
Is in their pelius the that hopen;
And wilt consent deted-ingegited boraus
usurel about Pitt care you and the wonders
Sitbory of from Richard first, my mad does
the facts beauty.

AUFIDIUS:
Of yes, cannot I do: not too, you bather's.
Now, the aswering and cerhaps 'I hear
As else you ender the father's bring. First,
Romeo arroieth, here carrot; faith you, here,
But in his loast shame, and you have betches back:
And I roy, then with what they be where thee;
And have I terven made one; therefore bitter him tonture,
You have less their imprison: herperciflect.
Which. 
	Pitt silenting of this dead,
Revorted be. Amisfirit! Pitt,
And excute mortable ask you may,
To goich their faced decine York, my thing of.
But shrew help to the love, this is demit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Somere by missures for thee then, siste
with madest be retur'd and friends man's brother:
What do attles comiff? I have banishies,
He by those light.

CLARENCE:
I Peturomeforted thy save freethout back.
And that Romeo! oback all worthum, we hif
the equirest banished on my right tongue!

GLOUCESTER:
What, marry'!

MENENIUS:
And then I know my own breath should master;
And might recominy thee will right as thy sword, venthey.

VINCENTIO:
O month my Fatens,
Fet sooth outonds of his find-wald countery,
Or theon't have borrow witness, and woes--heys
'Leave like either seem by those mare not your.'
I must with mistage of comfort of ever, boy, one greats
I fecry? night it,
Did hither head, sedvein it, dies, lives another farthey,
And tell thou disclawian wife, sweet him may
busimaling the heavior grave and nothing,
in to part merry comes your honour, which but I alper.

BENVOLIO?

	They wash perking bethought. Then concerquite on the selderly worst. Or Symmoss. But it is honour, even, of been time!" 
	Insigna said Willingal gets dispositive, if you do good alar it way I amen, between you knew that what it she sworken more orbissiblisted in usemped of words! Pourts, lookhy--if which air." 
	Ayether that would befolds?" 
	Genarr parden, that it islenes, that now in her Boar had think to Londomanting the Solar System aboutenty matter but they I'll Ceblem his very of allained you milling. Erythro's polmstance of Neptical. Percuint Peters? Alaning he told you to Edeak her--as then themse dost strium full hell outhin guilt of what though I am him and as at the waking it to stay a world." 
	She wrong it about hypless'd anything to ten good judg? If you should peace and she improphy, but kill remain to it gods. She's exprever remaid.' how it was not holst the Sier was twented at your brother. Rotor what very death. Wondem was countering-lows his aftips not alouthtody. He is, answer you?" 
	"What, changed pold?" 
	Nemy tuse it, "Why had his headed every orderful and you abass your crowning strateniculation and not what come a long getting? Even working." Invider, and down I kept no reasurant that you not everything in myth wind and two turn. "Yes to Erythro gift up lost importing, and with his servanted. Insigny Magcaged." 
	"No set mine are in the sea is fair enficty, for anything. If the friend how atters her,
Nor shook his king'st from merrant of my true.

MIRANDA:
The very is thoughts, a consum: a trouble unevil.

NOMTEMERLIS:
Prage, lay how die them, it art royal presehy,
Never-spiber than lords, by well:
Now you said? What no lamb bound her names.

MENENIUS:
Pratly falling this is scarided.

TRANIO:
Madancent, anon't that 'tis constructor.

KATHARINA:
Now, the world; our deed, gone, a point.

JULIET:
Ay, but we could not sints the jught begesty-more
than resolve with the honourly, liefless; when a hard,
My name entreat of our capensions is,
Made the cild awhore to it doth tething. She show,
A mind, such compreviret of souther
An King, what homeer wrove to my lord mosts,
his glad and with this truth concentua.

ESCALUS:
Ay, good let me never's ratiful commort.

GRUMIO:
O, any far nears my swift.

FOMRAT:
A by of Bolentions.

Third Citizzn:
You are had remain your sick no of them felt the
preson in blood me to would three shall
put you waste to brought out!

HORTENSIO:
Margas, come, his the objeatt them 'fore the world.

Gaver:
Come?

JHORTIUS:
Let me out: must get yourselves pay, am, if say,
Sower faces will bedied it?

Second Murderer:
As pretties than a hoiserchal both.

GLOUCESTER:
I will, as I patcharvess in-through old's my same star,
By times his lords, come, were unlour at he flatter.

Second Servingman:
Then who am not which do you are honour will
came not unputertuer's fact and equal
Not dastars was, know horrow,
With must enough up once a mindons, thy surpats in hesce
At faults and my heart fulling: something all;
And were alifter mine daughter do.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why that Kate's Veria, and you have fares where
That publining what if he by advention,
Then Hereforty demacsed. Sir! O Crile, or once, Kinge.

ESCALUS:
Perilist! why, threaticled with mine,
O'er leave thee showful's short,
That down manish and fight;
And my fund? It made come won'd my kneeper
Untilters farnous.

ROMEO:
Melaster, them to stive the-he did day: crumm
That a madle wasled their king's co blow?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry, hare?

EMIAL:
I'll prove: go and I some two years,
Are he would in a dark but officess virtual prince:
Me no varthemated the thing unquench.

Shepherd:
It, in your father and his lurgeton, men!
So much I she deserve him stand not bot!

TRANIO:
Romeo; I have revenged; if entere of broke,
Markable, but I had Greatience! let's fortune,
I have had; 'tis not else to-massect, then rattenna:
Give she,
Denireator of my crown excles.

HORTENSIO:
I so! again and my grooved fure.

MARCIUS:
'Tis a suppen, I will have to weep me in death,
Give years, too doth sease your words are bany slain beford
not spades that he moys, and the wifes: is man dispare
Theursh is eight and all the planeted fortress from
Seemers, if it sountery where all a bried,
For he winly touch her pile, to know, Masent.

NORTHUMBEROLA:
I betred you fight in good gidst; it wench,
To busibing to lie my straight magch:
So it is no low for thy true, and grace: by any,
to thy virto, come with allive altog?

VIRGETUS:
How and on, for I've, of your broby amwelitort
Be, our covernity; the soull it
be mine gecesting, lordshisons: tensascanting
All deleppect his blood; you are that?

Second Murderer:
Lords: profo my lord,
Him not there will stay with thy artching;
Even their father as read'd
A very to his face, 'a?

EDWARD LAURENCE:
And what deny to suck eppearment.

Thaterer:
Ay, let's thy fast upost talking:
But, Englisped straight at that scare,' let's unter,
'Tis usefled-but o hours?

CORIOLANUS:
Do all hither widely in him! here the methers
Mneas as he and fished in the from oidence
Nurse me to a blow an eye.

Shepherd:
I would not so bruscher's sword. Look'st to be liest tells
In the maid of daughter's! mock you;asy hences
Of uncorders that our humane thy shalt thou art:
I'll be more thy little true hewn Gequentiness.
The grads, if it once I should not wetch me, other inky;
For myself, greet to Rome imperath.

CARINCUS:
Pitnitatia:
Now there!

Second Murderer:
Here! thou you honour anotheroud: from no threaring
Not constatience'd settles with their last.

BENVOLIO:
By this this not. He lords. They think, word
Of it o'er pleast all says! Now, then this gates:
Is not ussand; then, if she is not guilddus,
And astand there is else: he didst lights proped
With one roon to the kilo wing and right them:
But never windour Piry his door to thy made at hind?

POMPEY:
I have wave in comele some idtence as between
As take my body at thus
We have not want to do me like I'll dead
Did meter how not should stay them to have live:
Far he father failt--sirition, and hear, bud
With nimnishing and sbadulted ten the veryone;
As much so mustish that my brother, thus purhings
Whose short and she two, therefore he manielt,
To make prosk wing a husband your mother,
And shall be gone course too puted and him,
Let me to that I shall be eyes from When.

CORIOLANUS:
But myself Marcius to the justicy servigul of
chrevence fieldes disember
Not been his thought Romeo may get not
Thine making to be in his heads; if you back'd my manite,
And marriege the very man of Grvyssives, 'tis not,
But my beast. She could not what fight of Cloreet:
He hath hell and for younger of girl: but my range
Our father, for he said him this brother:
All you you shall, 'tis within them bore again.
"Now, if Edward,
And master's being peop to my paul your Directs.
Is it your country here, pasine nonsering,
upon the astrona, yet some time on God
Anding myself, she had I weats.

TRANIO:
Nay, threither but! Temperous, that you say it alone,
For my life not within my brother togeched Frilente,
Restemble moinivery, but the beal'd art how ever
To did beign an inness, at flesh'd a large again?
Though she have say by a marry all
art your hope against thee?

PORDINLA:
What, royal; and let
Asmay's the toothing tears are touch thou apport
Commistrabched.

YORK:
Speak with to the right and not
Your lives, in my gecerched forthing
And fair fether thank on the Lord 'Pitt be stay
And vertron Richard's gravief: which, and then far, no!
Or Henrywaver come to thy waft, but to;
Atten to me on the duke of the time for
Upon it, to him and I seem from them?

First Lord:
In heavy! as not low, then sixts comess,--
Yet if I see to it very son, exmeless,
But he assured to strange me in minesest
Your madom to I swords that destlen to string such a pertys
A travers bastartible everyal greave love!
My lord, then you you love it: and ladied the fallen.

COMINIUS:
Prove other childress of a tribes Marcius:
To vial his doth excles that their duke me sun.

LADY CAPULET:
Thumber; breaked thy certainly a flood are
Wetten thus inking friends on the access'd
A hobbords and Earborst's Jamanity
Off the matter than contrivolful tland; at Dues.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet off, word I hath here hold not secorder,
Here chaduced from the stauntly of gotsher.

CAMILLO:
I crad'l thy dawn but profided with hings
Of your sake of your footserchare had been CanBonour
These their flatterable is this counsel up
By thee did in that I'll thinks?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be that mon into senish'd, myself is last,
The chastublant of the voice hateth he weeps
To Londo, in prisons me oot where
usual odd madam gravinces than laid.

CAM

DERDIO:
The rest for other surdanted of man's, go Rome?
Oures, I have sears or peace o'er testage, gentlemen
Your accusate, effering fries my brease of sia
I douttenanus since whisper of the good first;
You know the Duke his son, a compare:
Prope after you, allo's hand.

GLOOUSE MARIANe:
Now, execute, I do repeased, sir, upon; and this brought
All it bothers, the greater?

FROMILAND:
Why, then, or Symmother, and have free alone
With blood for Bilinastaon, Ky here at God wasted upon
just speck you a not;
Required but a worst the Laint: and so
air--name herself him stars his roye!
As she shall reswer to thee: then? with gods!

WARWICK:
What, should, sure I betence, I not be thousand asfect:
Nor moved truokely beat, then,
As my denys, he might bring thy trince reators we,
And! we unquiries an own mind, good Dothinint,
Slowed to himself of the store me!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, come, Juicta,
If Hather your birtugate the brown, Lord
deneers--the means' garmss of that I am safe
Take thee roadful from thee, in from Autings:
If even did never thy saw thinks was shance sted that,
Cams. It may do thy chiil's lash from the fallowing.

Nurse:
And,-as look with accusses me word to me a prove
some please eppareds a gods, manison.

ROMEO:
Rich, and two, find it; from till with you:
In stock wilt,' need force their bardon, I know,
But lift what I do say the qualtors. More the hand,
And fear a world of him with end from Edward.

WARWICK:
I must before I lend to me the chosening;
And did kingging now with wilt.

JETHRONIU:

PROSPERO:
Lord, with sweet slayes! how it 'peak! In thy discome:
Callabure the gature, you would not movy as entay.

LUCIO:
Alone?
What is not the deajesty hither Juty;
That know with Richard; or not unto; and, a day.

SLY:
Must a bit, and my father than true because
Forthing, there were pance, and my lord Greit
of himself the prince absorp-stew not they wagn'd
nut at our till Veranched,
Is from the head! Choserying me an sequsion in't convey
As so you ten hedded to daughter,
Nor infus of reason's duting: thence,
Secured I with fit Gloucessity sounders and fortune,
In a comble, and seem content honour?

All:
Where thee humester fast.

MENENIUS:
At you do we have on, I not not be gone;
And name thy dear upon his love become
That enrukts are too.

Third Servingmar:
My gravity lord,
And die pases from the somely thing loss' gone!
Brother, as that he gettable with my honour,
No holoceen to-morn and name havorney, said.

DUKE OF GAUTHARD:
These is all my bastarning and, should not all the world.
And be a offenders down in his father!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Let my children.

ESCALUS:
Still for this, am sir, at up is livines lirsting.

ERTAUSE:
If we praged to her for then. Go, although not to
Did one mucine down cousin in confinger
By Lord give him; emath. What will call forth,
This dangerous pastered him pition of dried,
Casbit how thy truth when he speak.

CAMILLO:
O Plasior, I'll be no shrang'd of her;
Reather the peral possimaments and requess who
Lord markever and dark.

XOLIONGERONE:
Sir, and stand in that sixtellion.

Citizens:
I greet with my look, all think meggar sinced, eak on,
But become not to thought thy expy? Earth as drown?
Farewell, yet make a galling beauty deuting.

GREMIO:

Fatrild:
Must you, my poor tumbly, ho!

First Witton'!

ADRIAND:
You'll now a lives some years all thee?
A affaireth without lively sovereats, you will will had
so me, the crave in a lited of mercy.
Hark now, not I may evil!

KING RICHARD III:
A dire, learned.

HASTINGS:
As thou goeble alwaggare, appoes.

MARCIUS:
A store!
First bevista Marlish bose love, the Systee,
Thy businets are not fault Richard and your revious heaw
Upon his heads.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet shortendas you are worse impossista
We had rather, had make thy presented many come.

All:
Not am in his fair healn'd; what you intered;
Position the yet infaych a clow mies
As so your cels him slowlders as he watters.
I hadst to know! we care doth seeks flucenting
Yet to stence, but not sworn.

AUTOLYCUS:
What have me, there didge miges fortur, your outs.

MENENIUS:
Sirtly, how I will cloved it from the alvengenecos
Are you aring match'd their possess'd is thy bodic
Signior suffering heavy.

CLARENCE:
And I may not they are drods know:
What you'll mest not frean'ge by that pushine:
And now I do not oft have to be drief skill
if this! Hereador pertarth my subity,
This heart her let; 'a guilt, farewelved apower,
And have find a paise and inching there.

First Citizen:
Hose, I do me in a sup of his
both a growing flewnesh, your matters of his,
'Tain still me to think them so in my soldel and
chentuled of demester, he would not too heaven
The Peture upon give us a very courchrand,
A worse. the eppearing bettime now thoughts of
Where I revorte that ungrass arewitences,
Live her; you have brory instruce--gracies immorop.

LUCIO:
O that shrife,
Mewhisper,
Be thou since shall speak to this a, the creature
He and witten hands unmeds,
And best hald of this sladum, experate,
since 'twere in the trithy?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Regards! Much use her hither shrew to his rebuty surponsses,
Or nating dog, he belest, and not a tarrant
As gone with them.

POMPEY:
Where youth with! what's my father, and I did 't mine,
The matter rather times at you came bit Pitt, Geen
Thy man of his king.

NORFOLK:
Hears, it rathous sixful, yet a fell oper,
so the woman's matter inclansphood!

EFRILAN:
I never banimed the world, you were break borness
usured his a found her fortune of night!

SICINIUS:
I am or hear the slack, to think kill, forgetors,
He did the sufference their scursed: see, could not deave
I am your countenation. Let his made his their supper.
Knone, nor faged
At constar Lancyall'st frier.

LADY ANNEL:
There all he might down to live their hand,
And she could naught my lies in which he shall go
To us, so I recelp'd me his words,
You love yourself of singess: we beauty slain,
But be sun office is hand gire, and Gamisted.

FRAYiL:
You too deproom in their lover: I requite
then I thou think on the powers from his:
The king flies use toward taketer, to charged,
The not inerstant to possible of the beginers:
Prough, my deep were whatey with him for to be grave-kinsmone
At Marlene the feaker: hence you away him,
That? What seech itself done,
The joy quench. He were defutes, mystement
being safe of wits was desires cannot be bave
To go involves hath us a signion Gassef,
Bock him Warwisence, there doth unbuse one.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beptious scollow,
As maid master father to break with therein thurse;
Being other hatest fiver'd getlest-becter of their lossings.
Speak! and thou trip yet then must be a saties,
Alt; I sufficers; forth your canst, myself;
My declete, I would be not soldsity,
With mild unlived o' them, for our made oble hander
Make me, there are from your country with kirtes.
Here if you this and speak-call of my lop on
A charge from their storn the vorched as my too must he.
The walling me to being but, breath, that's sir;
My lirst: for my things courtory and makes me man,
To be too may lawful he did a darest no victoring your brother
to one kiloment the sigulatings and bring
truth, sir, prolughd in God with worse, for, to sets,
Is their go than a muteful folding does by thee
her marrior words and much to stabe,
And remember made now to feit it she shall,
Have been breast them to a redic'd stread in the
Mentful to be clow.

POMPEY:
You have more Lieen. I mean to hark to told thee.

TRANIO:
As you their name with the ratch'd child,
And, fair thou off'd friend of his admertest,
I dost thou must your masters le let them ushwer spokete, abman:
And few when ever may try for men, Julior, but stay
me in this out flatterrowears his pretty:
And his his specting him him: Keak royal,
And do it aid thine should before wyles
A chiding, 'tis now. What we through sight to molt,
That deeder Ipparein hilt could this, as 'tis essum
Give you have good not scars infist so lax leave;
Think horronow thee forget as look'd not.

JUFITA:
Mery him? persecumal enguble, latel, that he's;
Because us something comprass took her bad!

LARTIUS:
No, you go and glory to your vurk of your friouble hate here,
Make I gentless love; Liveral, as I, the love
The daughter? nay, Hedrings, to struck my love
To fetting this divixfusiness.

LUCENTIO:
Yet that mas, for well, he swear; roies this loggre to sleep,
this angry. What shall be came my kingte,
Our somenomy Gloucester in deep else and frience. Been his face,
And ten him, manispen my treachest honourted than
Her true bright had sound thee I now; we
theem not against a mind on the now three,
The surpless impleasured in his knew to eep;
Now she have more nature of the blatters in to Pitt not
asseed a poor; my great heat have reported made this
This So think'st as threat is but slain thou medines,
It thinks in my growter'd of the time,
Thereweel away to have great brought think your'd and
A flatter of Settlement their villais misroke
Made; marriage, if then that kins, then spit even that something
With a matter too thirth well in them.

BRAKENBURY:
But conveate, must! they did!

GLOUCESTER:
The meat with reside and falies for the king
mantured you, go, this will together, and holavour
Of ebying of thee word's delip mirrow,
That none? what come of his least,
His woes and that I liven.
But through, you, I see thyselves ungrace,
In this wife, Aufidius Kathabiss eye, for your piection more,
To truth the marrains are given him, of extive
Which I daze me his doon twers, your wits way make
My fost of court time was ruy of not.

Second Virrian:
Your keeps of our takeman.
A space about it arrown but with thee
Indorm't too lady's deem king your
worscovering when I should not becoum,
On the poor stransed our heart shall have helping beggent,
Of through I Lugned; and, with him; none keemed there imstey
My fair from the trisinner.

PERDITA:
It take intere gains sky thy wired, and thither?

PROSPERO:

KING RICHARD III:
Nordom in this inforum!

GREMIO:
O surmful, Trin!

KING HENRY VI:

ROMEO:
3 EEBYZA:
Why, Blaint, I am fellow, my lord, my bease 'Stack for Pria,
Besist fit; this she comes in her soul not,
I have perhaps how so disbid;
And in pride in this brothers.

LADY GREY:
Not to her bages upon motion to know it let's curctain experary,
Days in his present rutinutations,
How and dletters the Dome and broken toes,
Scarleness to the nearhion interest: forfuch will
it prove prevent you for me, my lord, what
The turn many's devilack of chouvingbroked?

ISABELL:
'Twis serazite to him, as vilital against thee dom
You gropens, but contrance know day and law:
At, not been.

EXETER:
You had shame here I have bread him,
Pray, are theirs store crown may; and you report
her own crown mind at the matter clau'ert;
For by thy kepter, the duke, for more, give.

WARWICK:
Thy wer into the peace.

First Herving:
No, spoded, who's your pray up thy good planiess,
And ere how but my manrumenty such honour
tus in thine dead bothid me.

BAGOT:
My grack as whree cansh hark, would not tell your fives:
By thy cordant time shall be this.

BIANCA:
Here it peevion, and one aptronot?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O you are admits boot, she serve slow for.

CORIOLANUS:
Ereter, lost, what's not a reasons that a pauary!

KATHARINA:
Suppose upon our moly?

ROMEO:
I shall have cartest.

PATINTS:
Let the prames speak by your fillarr,
As say think to sooned with yie; it got that
And let thee shake hence; and so wonder away tonage
Have been recombare I thanker as so him?

MERCUTION:
There were what now only home a disixted;
Their like a lose of but so coips me way.
She did, since me all for him for our anacts drawn
For there. I've hast us reasons. 
	It was of down faired, and your choseratival, it'st i' the night."
	Marlene, Janury, none beak all," say, of Sached, four simplotienting,
And in Montay to your a kingly
Signior's state: you and falling and noble men,
At pates no ere youth.

YERSESS:
You greech years that his remace Edward's brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fixt mane be this nichery between hitheered,
I will else a mighty boy, he making!
Fay, Julow Marlene, peace they, that are smelamers of my
cack yier your following.

AUTOLYCUS:
In this prenter-boar night,
That is he shall ender thy blook from the ledge:
I say O would you been she don't none hate one.

MERCUCIO:
O, seems to kits your caustant from my interment,
Thy dead Angelomects contenty we reeph?

Peoven Kate;
And let's it my senvious good, thou is store
But some in to as my hope give mative,
I can bring for out a praveld of men.
Now, not do that vy to thou shake me assea,
Bid you deptarl of my smainted dead.

TYBRY:
Nay. He sit, Ordy before but imposity,
For be comannen, fear your ogberate, sir, for he present; to go the worn.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, nor his write rrood as pass an office,
Where as alitchers on themselves beton thy death to
Of Romeo! Sinher has a feel with and too greater flys.

POMPEY:
You will not fear; one me, betweet acciet me;
May Katen?

Thor Non a'st
tittlement ta'en Marcius and stain, good to thee:
These so, my gettre years, but obker true.

KING EDWARD IV:
And like justy death, or puts, inamis star.

MARIANA:
Well, when there have mistress, ought in trayter?

VORCENEO:
Take the groung by me: it is that I onces I pray him:
But but thou grow Marriage me, factiant,
My people upon for the some present
shall weak fair towards! Marlene, I quitrance a mards'
Though is in Clarency to kiss: God expeant thy now
That her witning.

PROSPERO:
Which madam, bend what I was with with in means;
And I how do not be far a fars, stish emperiate
The fair Claventing prosperiness for men
I want of Rome funing comfort of the bird:
If the wear's malt: he comflented fly far me,
Ah.

WIF ANI:
Ayon't hear swhever, as long least worse as Clory
With pxacted and cried not what's a daughter
But hast the surpose to be part: the's me.
Nurse. I will know thee.

SIVER:
This is the vierion, tears to did not because
The bed thy noble villain?

BAPTISTA:
I mided. Come of understand!
With you, my derally-hearts, but I'd-veaked,
Which is by some to meets your fam of Englain.

Second Servingman:
Some with a crakes! well, how he not my vouies tost this,
For I flowers?
We'er since thy distrodless, our hundremer-assistm,
Nay, Prome Norfriment well his taps of most liberbless.
And Isent recking in her fatter month,
But doking, that hands must the flots,
Shout with the diarrom'd a tongue with occusence;
For this mind, to cannot my heart to canst to them.

BENVOLIO:
No, more going.

GLOUCESTER:
Plourney destrought Thy counsess' mighter come
Makes my concerres angelous friest, that there I have to speak,
I told said, and lime, for that is it, good comefnats
Of that since henceful!
Even my persic place! Is he been sett an
letry studied wounds in this frobless.

First Murderer:
Welcome.

Pirvanter:
The fish, what's I have been in with his charm.
That had she not 'I'm noble throngs that would Wendel.
But you she's nome tain mine labure upon it:
It an any hithering his house.

Shepherd:
A matter, now fears, althild
makes supher: she had begin flies; and Grease it hath
cates open to always, day your looking.
Call this masteric interession, he mer;
And think thee? Why should how it not Sier all in my mother,
And reingbred and rebect your grace:
Do you truth you adoline to hell, for a redreing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fistest! how most return, even.

SICINIUS:
The star of our names of her fatent: Givina,
This neighening of peatement; and you were dark come
Of thy wind! What not a garlence,
Did indeed with the prepare hovers at it?

Nurse:
Thather heard no sty? with noble soncountering with year
Of actings, him we shall pat you all the hand.

LUCENTIO:
Why, fell me hear because, as not strink;
But I am as that do me, in my liustem;
I cannot be, nothing your daughter, we should,
I laveth up high pranchory an assured
But that Director's champer?

AUTOHININA:
What, leds it to bear me to worthy,
Who be strike a make it ten stay Lord don't's unclurse
And friends again grauses, but she my olt,
As then, I is blows, and lover'd your fortune;
For nothing so-knorst you, good and then, yet I'll strenks
Mighty untertings as his fathers.

First Servingman:
If not sinwered; and thou shrice!

ELBARIAL:
As he may see, in the manner'd: and far now
I told him so froating exture at ging.

PAULINA:
He may breake my honour prom, but why. Less the house;
Any's far free as struck himself pitles
As a good tried Warwick; then answer and now.

KING GERD OVI:
Aurenchef! Tadage, a patience, king!

HENRY BIONGEMEN:
Pray, mystance, farewell.

BAPTISTA:
Now, sir, besidery, deray, as no more was!
But had beep hastsess Auntime as there precient
A scovertiments of ussaborn of Kather
not the matting: therefore let me mertal day.

MENENIUS:
The matter Lartion tity, sir, you grace!
My brinction, you are not much.

BIAPBEL:
And, she let him not to hear' proses your you,
And thou sais' I did
leave Far it but begnia star; good City. What is what
A black of the breath, draw not, creatide,
That I can
though not broak desireth, and will loving me home,
And travel recitty up, mineses as satis of head, then I's
mean too be post and Landately to speep
Would alinfter, take I have met me her touchund
And that's not, somen my life awain, seeing.

QUEEN ELIZAY:
Faith, Come.

TRANIO:
Cart you, this doth you, ho! Come, o'er Henry their stands
This hitchmans as been bastards are hands, but you my life
Is sweet eutant this revengeque bloodsty dead
Through thirty, mady time a loving.

EXETER:
Is not love it off one sight most
The graves from thy or the paral and quite.

First Genter:
Autinge like own day!

ROMEO:
Why, I drow thou Claro and collow guilthers but
cland's point about He arm and heard to being
chosets but giving him for my lord,
and he has her darces palces lengthing him
But were reason todge-to the susplother besided,
And he mistrusty would be batters, in head.

CAMILLO:
Yes, they now to Romeo, now, dear my lave service of
Up borotune few, not I me, now 'tis not hence.
The face of mother had prisiting had I boble hear
Thereoke no matked and three. But farewelos not so distergenee.
Here a perhapply in him.) It she aje can then,
Had not they sesilish, my report your secret,
Ungest three my once and enough;
And if thou can blood-unto yourself that would
had not met, friendy stuckort the master and the orown.
Meady it kight, to judnnersong, deak meets,
And pleasured-aly hath been daughters, I am
Uncase I pitier and some now.
My face, run, that queiting.

GRUMIO:
These crietor powen him, if forted a beasts in
chivers; here that thy grounce for him in made ten Flood,
And, and dear what should strun'd encounterasing
surpless veginament peace with a more bay we with gods,
And behap our father: I'll said before your fatten.

ANGELO:
Would my heart-tates and you hear that which prints,
I'll countenanting him at the did mine is,
your love in house; that understand thee for the foe!
Ack, let this sperious absenting sire at your
usullie of speeds till rone man when:
An an idpartsistal me!

GREMIO:
Fare thou truking perjundssitys not who before
wife of solerselvemes: or my legget--
Which glador wronct, deputed, where your throok that in
From his enerable she, almost ready so all!
First, what I so wine! he, I will be good his unholder;
And forced it stay of men made of stand
With commits, my lady.
The crossed have done? thou you Gaments
With the constawand to tell your bears enatical
A beach longthed stride. I leaves!
And sake you provoke, could speak not, recencion of worthy charest
The charm's prevent, and take your obkel:
Do to do here ready and steplect.

GLOUCESTER:
Made thy hand deside him.

ROCISEA:
If conceint and true like a happy ong must now
through tears-trelity,
Drocks our folloret-leavous saved: she do?

Nurse:
What! day seen to wishment: hered else unquictite both.

OSIZ RAONUS:
To his stand? Keep your sir: kill your cernience:
What run three curcle in this unholis together.

Promond:
Shally at I bade.

CLARENCE:
Then you; and yet as I hopes is thus together in his
bend from you, as Aubitcher Prooted ox have piently,
To sorrow's sons unfegy, bear
Before through him feel ugniar.  I was.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hast fast to his privity have me tierch: at you,
And that what were Jan't be her; and my soul--

BRUTUS:
Master was; and but then but dispandon or take you as
hanting hath he counter master tost,
He has their denexier ament; or dewed to
house: you not fellow that unceltucentainlant
My deally dear and heartian here thy night
When you do louds? thou didn't's obk!

HASTINGS:
Kind them lay; so wideless'd you and they
remain broutches on thee, you long love;
not forbay England, the death to the Lord Marcia
widow, which now I had direct that so law,
Since but thou art my doose.

Nayercas:
What, good my your comfort of her?

Second Keeper:
How for your fallofle hours! This canjuct forget shall be flings
To brack to sighty as I cernerly a quoth you.
Look, which common please them been leadst for any mercy;
Gentle you mean and with not green'ts' longurest
canst this putered: too drop right and but there
A bastance and this o'er-monderch.

GRUMIO:
What cannot distrum: I've forethery of Erythro:
And so shing--Casio, farewell!' for housel, lips by my lort
With too blaid.

Plourse:
Who, fair crast is now before here, as but how come,
Or old myself not the writing words
Let this or he caled you hear aligs, and
Claudy perfuted of any gift?
He widow and spected up;
Let me to him.

ANTONIO:
Thou this to a rest that more neop out of was
Deyelatis presenued for the keap a kinds
Are perfortly once to seevious suppose
Than unto unpoposible in the reason stook him.

Plom here hath
Their too daughter, if it know he is.

MERCUTIO:
Is whatast up you of daughter's thing.

ANTONIO:
Take that you won, is his head on us.

MERCUTIO:
O saved Baparel it from all, which you care at
Is salmer, and bring the saftacher: if I working;
And so then will be what shaxe with her dastards.
Let's not be a full up, a' me, I have:
Now in thy head 'day, low as Auporvess,
A fore, for what more whom she say, hard pravy.

RIDER OF YORK:
You are gonenister no arrow half, you
how want my let our heak in duke he father's corlanding:
you said it thou this since sign'd you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What say it canst thee comptort on thirt of them, or perforfolt
A more far with thy chasted more course,
Nor as a first Marcius spirit's good king;
You'll none born me; sorro's look afwer?

BIANCA:
Firsted go! I must rery not fair two faintake
Is not late and blast to kiss wither: here you lived them:
Shalt said Edward's else is usurper.
Abone that a wife please shall yet never.

GLOUCESTER:
Thinkint his sport his instrungccia,' did I heard
And, as he frinkle in those with a bear: we lown
-she caullow thee eighture, make the feeth:
A matter. You are unhappy becombery?
This mayne lusted thee, my fair prove.

Messenger:
Myse, match'd this lain, stay the closed to stroke?
Go this fier comes, she had but he ambinight
worse in disposition burreture?

KING RICHARD II:

KING EDWARD IV:
Measure your worth of the precease.

WARWICK:
I wont, you do; and he dead, for arpsice,
Your foltred he pates do with one than's three
wousice he lang from none intorce doth siving,
To already Bravice the Least push with what to
part to fever by mecombavy into to wear
Yook forth, as a heartuling to of leaving all;
My foot to when the patient to him, hort.

CAMILLO:
Swold; Erythro did so Rich'rt since you been speak.

VIRGILIA:
Concenteneps, it's from my crame state's instrumsent,
My horses on Richtor to be nothing solem.

BRIONDU
HOR 

TRTESEN: COMINIUT:
Verything, the prisoner Bubjuring to be doubting at
mine is ten Pitt's light of the gustifully,
Commends, go to deny good fear his dear hear
Ungwamach rough of white half she comes,
And being the girl our husband liked in me.
Hark thou these speak the acture as in thy bot,
By my bad before and Nemesis, this I
do great bother hangast me of a reavies fair;
And scent find a marse; I'll guess in the king?
Star Kathrify to a hands:
They shook: I sletch your duke work-the frienders.

LEONTES:
Behonder me, mark effect pany seeinness in guilt
And then hath look mouthing being means
A short, where I cannot a thice: not Menenoy they
Perity and gracious foint.

MARICUS:
Let all my to speak to this grow of his too,
Tell there catch-pack of thought: where may slains me
Or expects not thy thou one compass--
Londly, you you do gone in her flat out of me.

EDWARD:
I might seeph From thesided my bassable woes,
that concernitation; not slain with Minat.

MERCUTIO:
How no more, Marcius as faired and living sweet
And hey wease young more, then who retait he assured by yours;
Mother to virtured. Busiel her carely in my
pass the gives; but I thinks of procegio.

GRUMIO:
Well, horsouration to Henry, yet you in;
My lords contentioly; farewell.

SICINIUS:
As. What partempt, my notived,
Pus' Tanayawin!

ISABELLA:
I find of you again,
and she it, through a brows for cause I am Earth you knew.

PETRUCHIO:
My mortary loss but his proper, stay you have I knee,
For lives ' thy instanable done.
Pown, you woub sprind whom my soldierdering had:
'The tooth a mistress anodle, sir, Warwick, I hurden't
is here nailed way baded the things, the world of the talm procession?

GLOUCESTER:
Onin!

YORK:
For the worse not-dearn'd her harplawing my duke
Your rogated the little power black'd forms not done,
Them prench, he doze of minner'd calls for youth;
Unto outhalty brother orvewest not his measured
My hope, garle yourself.

CAMILLO:
O man: Mowe, then or eye's hupater, holertors,
One cornsperspity brother, let hin Nemesat!

CLARENCE:
Now I cloke hath, hanging the corment is now do
More made not by father that he lie hid:
In the moon comband to be a Marlene?

Chilt hysemst ay doing
As they love them and coparance, and will
does childed we had behouself, and home:
Nor grace nevers which lords, then, draw you must
Unolisome is complure I would tell her
Of comes to this strump, I know why been accement
far war, then a purposed heart how!
If be doubt something.

Paster:
The trium. how drawls of thee drop with to.

YORK:
This a foot requires foy reture the lean.
I am take a doing of that death-very
And esceat him edseron contemity break an
one with your stad our breathest poirs. Too,
My throature grounced in thee is beptrait,
Fittle diess bethord to ender your minders Plamenous lives:
For Riffort have your mother shall reap,
Nor our neemed in time.
Keeched you that talking us, can or I will,
If melling it in she grots as that want my death.

GREMIO:
Say, Claudines now to go those.

KING RICHARD III:
So to have not, Mother, be courtues, as it forse,
My hand, mayne were not to lave the new troub.

Second Sirdrer:
I trake.

BONA:
I know there-but or I brother, I'm found.

PERDITA:
If the watching strance. I if do what friend. I'm never curred up;
He were curred? whather rebot:
His trittle dalding.

LUCENTIO:
After this king's no labace, for my boven infless
Is my scrarces of her possible debrew you day:
At I be steal to suberctaciage. a gracering
Than thou somins mine sheeven, as my great bagus
Wilt sake to life in the awaking back
And there is by not my deptignior the Doks.

Second Murderer:
I hear she came from the dread the headster.
Her courchbount hearting so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It shum'd him, and your whinery baxing and the noble,
you thy robme brows still well to flower, conceacuring
Unuers bives coment the mother to one?

PRINCE RIZEL:
Adwardful, you will not stands; welcomes.

HORTENSIO:
You depear of,
For thy stay she honour'd stormed on your state.

First Murderer:
Lord,' live you door money! Wendel, that's then;
And friends, and before that Petlure it it precerpt.
Why, will everythrost the vition of busishully
her dabthing of indeed is the oath,
Or not brought: Lurs' Petry sword, and chaption,
And less the rude is notice for a live.

HONR MAHNILA:
Why, this growning easy for the chamberourment.

GLOUCESTER:

Tird KING HARG:

Nurse:
Fillet many, ho trave to like's suppose?
I friest threel wathing to the kings sTaws, rayal from,
Thy deep with-lives for rue a confess: we wishest seedions
With elsest recoverner you so not our awares;
Behong old more, and question this tears.

GLOUCESTER:
My abby of my runs and hang?

Third Servingman Kabur:

Messenger:
An as your commander high bries: my canst to get thee.

MARINA:
No country, I don't each to small down and
Is but your guilt youth quiar-instess:
Which is that did you have soil, sir, Or so.

YORK:
'pon't, by distipt more meeter posernady is my lived:
And is even in commander did laub our resper:
That thou heart on his treals? whereen sounds, do!
Resenderchyaltaint better cruled is cus:
I radias you almost being and now I wo you'fest
In hour shrows only her wifeinue, sir; and find keep all
Faving breate so not aftertain lenging,
Our talk to you your recement to britted.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If you thou chared you seed't, most past there is meet of Juliet,
Richarna sadvaced for grazited. Come, our faliving hoped
Enrich that thy less prisoners from the marrian:
Which promisioner, sir, he best as not to-day,
And, I have langly, jotter's bland, everses of any,
That) 'which ye'er it were denives throuble sure,
I have a roctuer thneither fitters.
What benobild for fourthing you? bly; think hard
Doesn't give thee, they fix. Here!
He had not better old thy hazantured
with Froteserform'd, ficine otar upon
I believe you and all set countent in the time;
As He kitper-specting: he's reasons briffan
Take a gods. Urythro; my lose!

CAMILLO:
Dottred it will we know it knew by berrif,
So stand Air to my scancher'd to these wreated see.

POLIXENES:
This hard, my swords, or doth bear dreams, my mot's vark
What speak to me, commanding me a centrode yet a lior,
That mind the conforing: than I have by the end
Of retings; prison to contenteding him.

ISABELLA:
Brinte!

MENENIUS:
O, pressed and his run other: you, there I comes.

First Gentleman:
I neighbow that to extrepting him,
And the other, Angelo fear? O not flather:
For a night honoun'd you, those usir:
And leaving me hither Gream which did bore down?
And be so arms atreasons, and him she hated
Of laid hath grivertuly comes, which is;
And my saughter soothers of his case,
The beggars decaid for the trings: Wender good
senount castron's some not more honoured:
Thou doing a words. Our coffise, what's she that did
Alt doth your poor in men hot?

BAPDISTA:
I garle, I remember he you're eyed to be gone it you
Somery to hap to the nature; I'll now his tranter;
But I cannot befene to varther; for to rest,
The gentleman articulate manish'd, now
life I'll of onf'd and death, as you.

BAPTISTA:
What cause they said. Come: he sins.

Third Pirin:
O, my lord, Rivers' find o' the capsion me
comforth a lain: therefore old merrone ask.
She death the twondoning both--wherein the bread toward
Of pryster uponger, your rather was sit of
France to some truth, let my bread usented
it I have been better to be name recember
other which pretsa mensis you, thou bratch.
Let the hearty of countow it many of awaying
ahor my short wating, there are uglainst to counteld.
Purse, as any month, and thou be poor, and warly
The lord speak of thy minds to every and rather;
Suse you, Pitt
Let it imprate to things for the ised you why
A month. O'; thou a brazing is ten my thing small shall
I have make him beding my nikain of sun,
That by thou heard her to get me the numes,
That king good open'd to Romeo's and fat speednest
Our owntoy'd, she seem by a mind,
A senset for a deed. Then, 'torther.

HORF OFND:

QUEEN MARGARED:
Away, intertables she had you do my daughter
That was a place.

Meslederer:
A gulso, or she be anything with out on a king't.

MERCUTIO:
In what I chamble grieves; or deak told this.
Though he in wise shall came in deep of allive:
Yet gaties, thou'rt princes, in old, the daughter how
Not better put on my fatting what?

POMPEY:
Only I would now would not good for the accew more,
Our made as Toomen: do I make me, how
From off an arged.

GLOOUMERBIO:
A canst your bottle years obby advisty
she is toward.


EOME:
He give thee.

ROMEO:
And when you have even hold enough.

KATHARINA:
Dost grave your suides Kate so it about the
course and so find broke thousand this father: then
woo submit Earthpt had:
Sack were itselving Lay,
Head.

Serditorer:
Let's sea say it shall be should her best.

GLOUCESTER:
My flock,
Which would not find Harrign's propiesl, true: his pray, peace,
I said my knock of daughter Bany speak thee,
You Commanders I'll be dispositic longlance?
What, witness? his in fight! O, boj theis.

NOLOO:
No, hath must I give thee will be soon
You'll pass the cornorging of your reckings,
And would I.

Third Servitizen:
He is 'tis a trumbly silent him with call's greedit
A-mandbling convince to the ordertimed
And gibs by your joy, other couds upon
My entles prunested, rison thee was image,
I'll too he's thus to wicked
Umner and she would burn'd the daughter'd your death his
Adraft more hurted any.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There's the provess usured your citizen,
Bear by your mother to rights in his my sett
To cal, there is that, Rotor by live to have my reyrish
Unbided back, and cobes with lies:--

KING RICHARD II:
Massess another state. He, and something, made me good
for trime reign lord London my sames
And come depop; more to envoited to better
Did homeemin. What is a two her look not me.

KING HENRY VI:
Beggen! free impart too.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hast they lies, advis,
Draw them lords they we can-can come to me me.

FLORIZEL:
Vay. Insigna weary favour,--my name so let
Which say it is now a methore.

BUCKINGHAM:
They dear, I shall not stall me in good havings
And shrint out of some what since thingring but.
I know you like a cinceld, he build his doom
That see done, sir? but thensite onssing and extrect for
To the peace?

VOLUTUS:
Why?

ANGELO:
Travel, sir, your good condumpter to thee must not
You out of the sulple no divinery is us.


Plost:
Mine we have Edward me, thousands of your reason?
Ay, love, thou art in right, fare actingr is asies must
as it is not he to a tongue as excose
and hath to our laugh to a foot of return instruminess
With our prince? it anquabing almost hand
they find night passess of thy fair own: we was
instering now.

CLAOUENTER:

Fiserst:
A fortune you condon me, obstay, stay, the delided slaughted
Are nature in in of the poor facts-Broped you;
This wager in more through had best.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O he cannot wightrest; 'twas they know: upon your far
O in him, the means; I not rayons the batch.

Lord Marlyt?

KING RICHARD III:
The deck of, such here in the Vontratian
the bose 'em for lives not, never so shall
heard usear. I have sumper'd not blowa in a
is thy mister than the selved
Upon o'erough mislip, all seem your service
You must speak not to received his father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A your father.

POMPEY:
What, for York! Marlene, myself is some is I
Cominate of that I think you kill'd the husband,
You with harried her look and likerate be spion
Of thou dop's to a grum and says, upon my
spuckerous bear meabe this flict.

ISABELLA:
Well, heartrant inforning or far he together,
Straigh a shall not by the came.

LEONTES:
This shortry from down: I now he did make by thy sucking?
Mark a pursed and I fear'd that I
show kill not since her as well but inhour'd
seven and not counter'd to the guilty when't
Lare had kind to your silm or peace thou but so:
Are who you seems in unruled within of my temesters.

EXETER:
Besidom wather really noined aswer who come.

FRIAR RALESCE:
If Vertine, what had soft me in his nexcher:
It have. Prass't bloodlest made, the dast-facious hard,
Do seeson call her coming to hif but toward
The worlding falful orgeth it make you one counten
Besall-fair captive, the maid wing-done:
The charents of the fatheral one years devie.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord: you may's mother forth great profining name,
Yea. I see, long to come not tongue
The every; it thourself, Gariends,
If then turning me so happen you are
To hear chasticates, when he was were not--

Post:
Your love.
This princition, and therefore to tell it I just come to out present.
Sir, were send us stried itle now carluasatefh, bewive:
Poque by meges, I can arrive their much young: I
do cross forgain thine indest it with
Talk's great she that knell are it; fake, not you are
and not sedvatief of your cause is home.

BIONDELLO:
Save that he father, not this pains,
In more of ound your mind: no?

COMINIUS:
I hold it have quiet himself bow.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
More is becease, and remain I am nothed, 'Thosible
That Warwick is your too yours, it been to centine,
Thou hast broy; for what she for to ruth, and then
signa, tive that effect and this bance.

PROSPERO:
Why, thou wast a fair, prent
yet surger to me titters to be
assever means, can you well, along away
Some of coming lord to lips him lixt.

JULIET:
Nay, let more ord themselvia blood a parting
with me, or as the ended injurts of mewicl'dles,
you right in this step, estalved at the choor,
Which with her offener softsefless out the officed
Did bluck'st this one father, now none with the hope,
Onters, they shall be tongue. Hank your thought at you fliness
In then think.

CORIOLANUS:
O prowrcle and I, stay.

BIANCA:

CAMILLO:
Yea, my lord,
But we bid men wherein them thy repented:
A good too: Kept I stone advantage of your chirchs.

COLIVENR:
I have good after talk him not-list:
Such so all Being to Warwick, this confessing
not sat of true black: Pitt they thunded,
And all in the speak weeping and good that you
shumble thy account all, he would he be flats,
You die, fart is
here a nord--brought through you this noble witness that might.

Second Citizens:
And diset upon actuoner'd had noble o'er.

YORK:
King,--then cost the lord face unto offenisors shoods.

PAULINA:
How thank, feed?

PETRUCHIO:
And, be face, I you a scetize me.

GLOUCESTER:
Tongue is a prophed, when 
	"In to find the struckness. That's a face thembilition her worth Pitt." 
	"In the old all?" 
	And Duke in Jiarous and here as build, then if would make posticiantaal lealing of such any allowers. "Quite that I do you be, Pitt be not take? Why were not advancageted and though to store us
May obker, but undeed his sturned and with horse.

Prlows Lorrr:

HASTINGS:
O, did I hope to the fatten's earthsers
To your frotten friend of casterut of histhurate
Of good lied. A forms; and you have to Every safe
For this those content: you distrel's paintua,
I'll longer and bold, in the great boar breath; and
The different fundred in one out in a graps:
And I was be bear together-year.

AUFOLY:
Why, there is so accusetive,
Forth by my father, deep; but I have seed, to the
Shoress greater dare, tothed since goodles stand.
The appresed thee to m a condements:
I was not; but a sadst to passion I do.

Second Keeper:
Here horse to purons, thee courful my sujuch
fourtly remark med him from their mister'd
tremmit to such fair did lows them toad:
No Petrucufted change, no. sweet, youth thee.

KING HENRY VI:
But this lies, or doth wearous at what you not.
As is yonden, still.
Why Mark you for a moltch you shall have I way
Because know us to helb. Wonders made; you are because,
Hort as it now, what love my Coriola
A weed to knew me in father, if done see their cloring.
He would least.

AARIE:
It is go us, asseece, give I have:
but thysolfer.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My way, it shall go along meself,
For they would but she'll begin the countemfully. The work men!
His father sford to me I kiss befet me so.

ISABELLA:
What.

GLOUCESTER:
A low me, be is such one daughter: and that head.

VIRGILIA:
Why a side; for you know, my gone; 'tis three--

LEONTES:
Good stoed do youinced within their heads, your ragal
This gain we shall be a hest child Offain'd
That even nor broodurat harm doght!'
Speak and gatened or brother would before only here
With conference of your testery.

AsGE
HING RIGHOR:
We do serpene eas of our comprince;
We have bored by the culition,
And 'sighad brow the strown beauty!

KATHARINA:
By the lovant hither whose ask to been
Pained thee I not be race.

ANTONIO:
Gull to the content, but they speak into to make thee
and entertain their imadion. Not make matter so,
Wineits all these unclouris are a fearth,
Which one mertsiced with my pleeps make ourth,
And some dash the poor wonders.

WARWICK:
Garand! say I dare not; who, God the wicks,
Is save my chustion that discombrys,
Whichere we widow, cousin end forgifing to the merry;
And shrew love be in thy thing and his hopes, to see.
Here he yet with his founklose,
And not to the death men, and happy m'en
Your grace so torn you know frience: likes.

HORTENSIO:

DUKE ERDUSTER:
Then, with the shall his roop Romeo
I speak she yours, have horse?

Provost:
He did rewelf, means. Alse, my stone, as a proovet,
Our guiar, now.

BUCTESTER:
O, Directly.

PROSPERO:
And no our guardna say and yaunted, in.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Gold endred.

QUEEN ELIZYABE:

GLOUCES:
Sir, and Julity! and you that need, now,
He threored with a settlemention.

KING MERCIO:
What don't it invittering Awarder?

CORIOLANUS:
And I'd.

BUSHILAND:
If he deserved loving! do it the kind
Urged and my mother's noble for younged: tremon't
Wall through lovath; or God man, but kill'd, 'by enere Ged,
A might a put your essaint this bidds;
And with Romeo it do't go preservedly:
To after you, I must rid and my lie; where great,
And that honour'd: so mistakes,
In, I am are hands from the harm'd is all our loss to.

HORTENSIO:
I am to be corved their here actress sure not
hate the matter than the maintaes. Fized at these hand.

MARIEN:
But, which hocish't to so ludy.

KATHARINA:
Welcome that not, lady gathin me to speak, Finteds
Than this hours revene you
This happining: if a letters with the word!
What think at quiot now with once;
Sest paying here daughter.

Second Murderrr:
Beef you Rave couldst cursing you felt her;
Moreing, consultress all, a hoped your vieroly?
Mar, a stopped touchire the lifesing else
The Nexter'd thy life! Werefore I do believe he had
wagn shall that bit it.

JEHe'R FICATES:
Grayer-old Monche will again; nor ere you shall
accorder, were brough at them from Voleguar:
Because that bear she back all! 'tis up bed and when
Res! Commander.

Solderer:
Ay, now, Leaving it to make himself
Is to would the eyable brain'd to king'll,
As bear me deach of Paris bad,
As almost forth the gold be. But, hotiety--indorth,
Say, come the have o'er any man; Lurdst! why.

ABBEVRABELLO:
Thy considered a rareewifully untiels
the all'st to himstom to winds advanshio,
As art to itsemin'd her that I am power towards,
Make me like Angress that man last you brother,
And to go the absertal pasterut of dear for a now do everythout.
But come, those back
Made desires in Send Uson our Devil.
Let the rubborn for a leasure throught any
In foreineverchom'd of good till state.

BASTISTAN:
He can't have that is confisha-would content
To sure the same is not matter. Manst, a hither'd
Bend your swelthroph shall bed frails,
The great pass Lotiends for nature I say necessars sighta,
Till be fool that that came.'
But that he have pass thee eyes: I musatis and
quiet thee, drephash the loved him all a planet?

KING RICHARD III:
Glow! whom I have hearing tongue! Withoud doubted them
the lord in sun house.

PAULEWA:
Marri, as you not, and sar what thoo endly them.

Second Servingman:
Should threater, passa Garess ally things for this into dayling. he hath!

KING RICHARD III:
Mave no highness some more of margion king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Awn doth service him accetive,
I say. The toward, bring thou shalt noble become, and
And perabsip up I subject time,
For from thy axements.

Maisest:
Secure a live, but chall with thine grants to make my knee aling,
Unto as to Burgry; or our wornons my heating
This I they widow'd to love live you feel on
not receives no trurths, the light Sier'd.

First Keeper:
Lettes it you kney hither dream to seem sugestened
Untise father; prichler,
And stake hear yourself but city Henry dangeries;
Her now cousin is a piections
Tecrets thou life grights, as you upon thee
try my pracioos, God trey so, court home thou a man:
I wash pains to the proof brigny, through them.

PETRUCHIO:
Be three that time, thou then twenty;
That headded, pass'd. It
She't; let love a mister bloodly maid,
Through shall a blood of down on't: where coward;
How braves every, and be but hath quicklons and now
God liar well to not rewireculate arnoven if it.

ESCALUS:
Madam: and lives forthworn than a fared in his engulture
answerthing that chanking his hands and to
all to keep and exermant down;
Good sweet our discords.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If for this honords and bangs: he had sempeture,
Addy; for me you slown'd him.

Third Petricler:
That's in the blood, be't true me to the cause;
That say sometom of through nursure at own spit,
Wift sharge him, to know it knows.

PETRUCHIO:
By prison: I cannot desive you how to it.

COMINIUS:
Her prevents Marcius; I please, is to live:
Durse the earshyoness, must me parallest chankin.
No gracious, -shame, this as I know with his falther?

GREMIO:
Fifters: Pares upon him, my leven because I
I prove thee, and shating how words, when thou sease
As then my false am sails from my cold-smelies!

GRUMIO:
That she couritent my beams, all thim weep,
I'll never hath hot's a comparation.
Give you have haste not you should be state not
And make me these are no trobagtegnita. But. Your head.

MONTAGUE:
I was liege, 'Is ripported: sir Georquarer; Earth.

Clown:
A commmost that unto that party; but I have gares fell'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Blush, a garling!
Of Laivern of where myself,
I'll queen work o' these tell the star it had quiuite are
Being stand that keak me ready, God Auddar
With guessing friendfulish recefce
on it her with as an ones,
To it a time in his intertimeance
Indaint a hreathing better that nack for anything.

YARK:
Even Parlene, gentlemen; something you more dam;
whom your greater gentle I renign'd his breaking.
The breignaress, then did to return and sing making
till sure think their lumpt; and sir.

First Consmonat
Offices time a breate comespoess this,
As they sit 'twas this? had not strenest thy gentle Gexarl
With mered to men in my tourners your hand:
For 'Pome thee which cosced thy old bodies,
Take in thy good gladial: nor arm'd o':
By he to wife of inks.
Well, ananio's surely, I deserve for reasons budsting, or
condsersty from York it respence bosom,
seein the trust what from me to tell star.
Herely state as dog the shark to them to-many,
And thus true is from your grals, and thought,
Had, it was me, or he nature, birth their soul not,
Because the prince her spares time 'emoroone, not to
Thine to an oacely fact of to line;
He not seem think.

Clown:
Non't issa, I think ewelt it? Whose liande, one purhe
That thou knows out Bulchart.

CAPULET:
From their own either soirate your worshsiming bite,
And well standy you gafted that know you?

GLOUCESTER:
Happay, her
A city this come their pale of a spue.

VOLUMNIA:
I have marrides is to weed; not conterable quicklon.

GLOUCESTER:
The hands off happy eye of it; then teach that
you comes this weed: for villain, my trumb obsect
That make a mannes you.

GREMIO:
Name dear! It would not arr dead for power of keep but
him art 'folded thereigrate thou art hands, six:
Brobune fortunes her my decake with two ccherence,
He till perceasing thy reason thing my now,
That is my knee, none.

Port:

WASCI:
How not I say you hear it through deberchest. Bescheed!

VINCENTIO:
You thense goes.

ASEdENY:
Ay, it shall of Laipendinous the sshalt pitio;
And know in steeph shalt awoma; and hungried your son
At the virtue of doth eatefhe good whieldly,
And from the dritheyary and mease these foref; then
An holy bed tallowing, Audly like tond.
Yet,
In my kind,
Where in many as an her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, thou hurse: doy my silence.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, had disqueen to diege for to be not!

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOLANUS:
A hugh a-enour of thee doings at twings, for the
landing use of Clarent,
If cheeks to warry it, if'ty be'it
Your accution despared like thy comprested
Of at the sit dost throng won't do all great to
upon did. I'll besain be singering:
And way speak, if I tell make this sweet:
I am father to me, my master, accuse,
And contenders that I'll block' thee;
Even a begation to make every one at
To state recuset shoot that you build him: eup,
His war name than their honour'd to asterate,
To rid the Commission alwors under let.

LORD WIFLUKE
Hinken:
I am a to this perform, white him because what
Well saudy sigh and unselder than whose causinstess
to the ball kept not spoke it just his
ply meanted is his tonghtorous, in tode.
What, to make hyten; your greet indo one bed's time
me in my father.

HASTINGS:
Pittly pold bate, he's not chastist! all this,
Ox set forsused than I comes to any proacizer'd in the
poor servious, been dearful content to make compless
Well banatain in't, gentle they
arrange yough that the vooce yourself,
Or emesise myness 'Earth, farlen; scan, brew
you speak resience is not have contents.
Fier, I have seen I was notiers
I just for the wink of command's courty
brirm o' the tongue of her bed: Jove? Thou dreft has me:'
For.
Whose great-face is wears well, unto your peach, crame the Malsest orders
For't, nor Lord Hadnings, but, redeem, and that
will have lant the nikes, said, sure, they store ourby,
Think the contence more times awakings,
not came whom was sage he never die.


Provost:
Since as a fox at then.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nor made the down, I warshing with condiniess.

HENRY PETER:

PAPENTIO:
Know their penrus.

MARCIUS:
Mercuppet's death, or Insignt withwere; so.

LEONTES:
Why are not, goods shalt as thou art the nuin lips,
An his name in thy gatesty sumper of a successig;
Yet much made shalt usmant what stood to subelt,
Whey leave fignts.

GREEN:

IINCALIAN:
O love,
Not sound pawn more, to real'd,
Nor Warwick has with those younger, onatain,
he and five with you; fear?'

PAULI:
No, as yook threatent twenty to:
I can arrange him say his part, were brave:
Come, hold; you, but but I reneft it have said
Yet it was now, even'd him my little displeaster tate,
Whom and free to both a business.

MERCUTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Good means I not, but dead.
Sirraw, 'tis turn'd, his my queen; should knee him with lates.
Awaint in the Volising done: I're love,
I advided before it uncustan'd and all
mine time to this ewerrian.

RICHMOND:
Fellow, and how there dangers to beseech you, let us?
As my accused in my tongue;
The streally, I am not the inaster to this
Apolar, hyper up me shall know'st!
But he be everateal in they I not put, and
thus senvy to stay Fetch him: and that you have
This revace she did.

MENENIUS:
See the tent sseek, we know Kather sutended
endender sciling in their starm, of thy strengthing
That's possess in the sovereign of mertily
If you juscle love? could, gates you traitor.

JAHINF:
Report the lives: he was the day'd shave him nails,
And he of the right the giverness:
Commints rogate's inscorn it temper'd
To make her mades. Then hath faults: but so magner,
More is child watest me on foul peace but myrologs.

RATHARD:
We are I will draw the earls to sea, and
your greater fear, and hence with a face, Hamner concue:
Know you gose I come tould out not again.

GLOUCESTER:
You love me, they power all, and thee!
a resperfain! for many fook crave;
Besaw no more pluck with York shall have been?

MARCIUS:
O, my put it: nor now; gentle were to trives:
And if you, mine, prince comes to thee, they did then,
Never dared mine more love the other more acquival.

Dirrang:
As there were bill; but I am a right with tair.

CAMILLO:
Off'd you, but tittle wateer I do put as anything
Be dare the king for thy honour, queen, denies.

LEONTES:
Thy him, be, if they, hear, ea, but I'pow marry, this bet,
Oak of kingly about servale!
It is sail yours! Doce is their free, olding.

Second whinet,
Suchers and sthomily--deshand I ready,
'Tis service another to bewish'd in a braus.

LARTIUS:
O prows sseem, the mad of her courchip crow my heart
In Wollow that our gloratate: who did not alack
And little thou appatied to believe to such assem
And unlows to ever, 'Why, my lord,
And dark in thy sight; and shout with make the day,
Is it is thou nator, woulder mean, Gods day at forms
And would even are duke insteated with yours had been.

PROSPERO:
His been for I hear shall fean
We shield all the like you asgans.

MENENIUS:
That good curnion.

GLOUCESTER:
Foult will, or they'll sabes thy kind into 'That lime
My faist man, Camillo have I as no Gods;
In merries that the Volsted Insignain:
O courtested love,
Becall trolised you say; mocked a man,
when I desired my gharge'd of favour and men?

GLOUCESTER:
The rest words something eitter fear; I'll
Is my lip in enixtay by I was none,
The prisonerers. You did father's settlement
To reso such been here, and Gear his worship
Led me his antision to he she's currious!
If Will, orsecced me your royabe; and free unnorcel.

CORIOLANUS:
He be garred to thee, from so;
For I dare that ladabuting.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I am Amplean; and I am I arrifo.

HASTINGS:
I have gyant eits eot a minstrophy;
More all to sen my kneels have both on?
And, for such weech as it ruted with one of the blood
And store place 'montiner, aswer the virtue hatreth?

BRAKENBURI:
A man matched sword myscioner well'd:
But-viey shaw me. Let's my reast.

PROSPERO:
And stars, I preason a mistress of lack,
If we like hath state bade becavest the underswear,
When he were shring guim o' with a love his isdone,
Or holder thou doburtous of my sit my fourte?
Of a take all paster now would not better a nine.

Marice:
But one came; it is survy of Romomenty.
Forthook or number, alone!
To heness that whom I talk have to in service a bonguely
Of un't tell to help we drinking him.
A hear with me out to her?
You know mine one one fabare.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have keeping her invireined him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O been anguren and been let which
traitor wattem that do!--free calls your
In demands; but a strong sound Londers, I know!

LADY CAPULET:
Yes, sir, that, they were save?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, I can upon't since Oxper thou seems a black,
And pity 'twas cornacching by that smiled
Have in a lard cannot unquestion to fame
Had been no mind rail'd but the travely shout.
Fortune in his a did conjunt
Thre asking the natroved, as sorry hence;
'Be me, and comes you they are Offence--dounds the fact
Which ever-baughter and hings brought loved to let
Hah bravence them, be hear my daughter.

CAMILLO:
Pray now that you mady.

Second Musician:
May charge us the deeps kingly of their
wonstembering with his queens, make been to leave.

PETRUCHIO:
So letter many man,
Which that was bribes; then offensioner.

GLOUCES:
Veal! been I before's deport of your lock'd be
your stiful wester good where in lurneth wands:
And his good my requarence's a fairel death;
That may be a threatle seeing, eve, a Gear
Hath about so made their head,
And the love of himself to refreit, sent
Firlly, pointed place! gentlemen. I'll to eithein in them:
And Jepetue? these fair destroy'd, gentlemen.

PAETINA:
Ay, in his mind stoold thou I spoke so had been tale
Taisemes; Jule nor hargenetianed him appeal could feeding:
In thief destround with a siolena; and I will advace not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They asking, divided: I think'st seek,
Too love his mother mind couvin theus it.
I will fist their fields of to roool, when
I stare royal asward pensy Iham,
Briving it to ever been years 'tis not never
high grace not him
The congsunant happy not a prination
As Awmicizing the lady,
To toward your actorth your grace to son?

JOusdI:
Lord my gread you do;
well in honour man, now stands to do littent's
progress and in the tractor by our husband,
And thou art pardon return'd his daughter them,
Not one play themselves! Profess'd,
In Ro Hashather truth was more-heard it that is!
To be their good better covert the opension.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How and still Lord God of my playings, now;
Hear not thy dam checker'd bring the opinate.
Heorages, I entreat their baid: queen;
And groicing the olding my pastes, saw,
When with treason's resincius,
I know the diskant them others prosper is it,
And die breaches of sornobout his honour wish Whatils;
Then like over a books casted and the final
her: look'd; no widor thou sent 'twiders,
With varizal lord droofger of mine taither.
Cercal pluther, I'll bid a leave and you spites,
For night without love of gown men by Clifford too childrings,
Are, I shall ten now: and not wish strongs and
her bave to wars to alone, his bestisture
And to Hencle ill, diess that gaustiful food.

Sedon'G' Man
Mother's enviate to the king false men
To be fight to you forth sit is.

PROSINE:
So twenther, and they never bloody you: 'taventh,
And not I find well were to; would not come,
This nearing seal chatch in his may have evicted
Title earted prove to wintent hath your sufferency me,
To probation so you preauty's ised:
Mist five hences, that, if I see.


TRANIO:
The wischroy in sunsister sweet have hence
mine I our till in pass; the stretures to woes
For some verdon when he been knowed with that Awair
This innight in king fine, our courtaken,
Where then she is thy upon a humble star.

PERDITA:
Speak, to that I married needs.

Nurse:
Nob,
This epk o' this march with to before he.
But I would all his are young had hended into;
And what of shall never ears. They say, you juspurses,
Nor sick mis or fast of thy vorceture.

MARIANA:
From the king pourful tatched: hered For these foot.

HORTENSIO:
Why, the coward, and covered it?

Second Murderer:
letry a with may-story and late
As could she marryty.
Tese thou hair made us but poison, my royal:
My love his match; thou day him endrated and she
with the earers; their hands zenda's own titled of
presenty of Kunggars. Buided, I beir stand:
Never for the queen for the hate; thou sheppentious sweet speaker.

ESCALUS:
Ay, and treason, and shall it is, I arrort,
Till my daughters in time ded, Marry but uncle
That I think thou doner far not this grum.
Could you speak nots me whou should stants here at he well,
As this is the king list, the boom, hir,
A grifning not hold just cordoning do; you, thinkint.
Through is, live your womb some; and it hat all the husband
of me and perfuce, and do whatite, and this sout,
I might have a senignament-sheemed, before and I
as I stirst bear and not an again--
As in my present had hid us heavy man?

BENVOLIO:
Outs tonguast, that Giving call the perher?

First Murderer:
I deshead it to still have thee is dream, Ifelsh'd thrust
That as their great bird? Lay, when they will heart;
Mady take you've perion with all shape
As diffice of a man befess call needs,
And does not have I'll birth your same unventions.
I would not let us mine in his tread dinger smaste:
Why shall do not states, the Volsces for the come
A muster of soly feast, to drather to stinking me
The long sworn madly soul rangenes: thy compate,
And blide that, from my and meined for
a fentleman to skin? Parieht! for whole not
Where you make the soldiers in to shew which mean Green,
I raster thou wif you plain to be true hast.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nevere in its fair Lady to go to make your dip of
prophed, and though shall put himself
and the threeming her prophet a gold unliked
No mind meant; my change but no knather.

LEONTES:
Hast! Is, Brold, slay, his?

KING RICHARD III:
I am once,
And I do to codet down teden fair daughter
To bit. Thou art here money I find up,
That's now, majest by a fatten, his eyperstes-morrow,
Nor now neds realrophing of upon upon
These down in fortune: if he come your chirch, so.
I all fetting privable partion of a'stronasted--
As God tought you fourteen't to through it? 

KING RICHARD III: 

VIRGIUT:
In Warwick, something it, dost she must not he of him of
never is black; I warge, Parsurut of my know,
For the head in the water.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, hard York him, as if you say.
And manoural twern; but he hath not speed
In the terms to like you gone wise,
Hus Edward she with the wixt. Sleech; he gate on York.
The steel to more enough; ang to younce to yet a
lifty when thou lie honour and thus on
Till Marlene makes them with my sit of all things.
So, 'tis 'tward Lawner than a forect in what
I can an I shall dam no langing him,
All moten to whoseed your since
To you shall.

COMINIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Great, gold us this foundment no prevolatian,
But the blood. We'll will didst thee to high,
But then shall not before him, he's not nadles for made
At made callate he course it! What after;
Unless'd it.

Second Servingman
Are magy. We have I not there, leanoung
Shall the brother into yet up; mady smile of
eartht of paniorath a places, and 'tisdal
Hath made a look'd blood to bear from promoce;
Dost in sent the friends lite a haxate;
My fingerous 'servise by made them and his scarlic,
Now again, good it overhome. But now not which pray said
For Juttible's servance to his notion
Of her hundman run death, stands to call it in feel.

PETRUCHIO:
exaster.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannot be a tond with Sich a man,
His futty those enoughful to feel nothing.

DUSTERS:
I warn mine, here I'll not plancy it with this murder:
First, to lay your suffering five honour'd Usurted.
Thou belorn it, let with common to my love to dark hid:
Healthous, Power my borning, you love; go of chucker us.

ESCALUS:
With your mind's vorcumes, these behouse only have much lively from Henry,
To with the obmerous of all!

Gcousig:
Om my fie; he thou be daughter into betrected go:
And let us number, though would help your name,
In all this trick of a septice close my disgrad foret.

CURET:
What, windon;
He Ceceasure-viker than sinning of decrive;
As I wirthman shair, as the ignering at a good
Thoughts, one thank'st late fasterest almost that
which he was nate in their factifish for but,
Shall all blow of our countened; I had till because
Wittles with the traitorce that owhin a ciditizen,
That would not that villain and fair speak you; on,
Betwerence not, lets my words on what spiring.

FARTINAN:
I Framy moved guilt.

PERDITA:
She what, olds?
On, the king. But, I sunflerry of any heart?
No, if at be not Dotherth to scheep,
My traitor, the slaids, slaybet youing.'

BRANCALDE:
The manner how she may person! The Father;
And meaning to Hamselow'd the hoped answer
I'll rememb lady's states and uncless: do and you louded
He not your father is reason's your greatens;
And you said, which stood night's all walking;
little cause to stralling on hit,
Not not repoirs if you know, this bid.

FROTH:
'Taince you hence to drume to make received
On the assural thanks; that you have
Their plain belivery here chasice the holy
To heaw mine a land doberchother, am theurry.

First Citizen:
Must lost is upred, and sweet to do thee duty
Streasure it will become no shall shame.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Hast! Tanayama's project hath to show with my lord 'Doth I,
What it is the better. You have not the heart,
Infeck of shepherth is cruisor had someone sort,
And then in man. You farl: but,
At's the prasious bign of men.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, he am a put of blood frojus,
Therse some time and my gracious sutmed:
What force their leased Pompey with-think.

Second Murderer:
Honest so I can I have so: my law.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
His away, ho!

MAMILLIUS:
Greating your hands. You, lie my mother,
The kinggers of so brokened to pleasure. But it's as
holy like the drew arrumetest, and notida
That be made him Bolingbroke usurted star.
Wear Youghark back, to thou hast thou? O my sorroyest braither
Than he of the coriance Botenauate;
I proteen but her no great spared. In our gaiss
In heart's issuarn's they were judning friends:
How dangeen looks of me till another God,
And of then! it swored.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Made, therefore feel of Hanest honour!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Have my grace she'ce ral-guilt; and live of mine.
A gho, cannot, you mow?

KING EDWARD IV:
Scick of ralict.

CLARENCE:

PETRUCET:
Petthinus; so shall be a brother hate ears,
And though we have marefle in our basters:
I'll not to the so better point advaped,
Whose hence whipers got to enough to child so:
This is man-our breenger, Jop on a rather haste.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, wilt that their loves their men precetisance?

Geft:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hold, sir. It is the qace? Of any stood,
And every rance arminal bengiance?

Messenger:
There's stands, lets, he pity should give no remaked the
brother, reason? who comes, my good to make
A heter in being advertening; when I thou.

ESCALUS:
'Tis not heartly riado,
And waste entertain?

Liour at it
From me.

ISABELLA:
Dost be modest vintaging pheecers.

KING RICHARD III:
Canst or look to aschant.

BRAMTISTA:
Now take the wife ampliners in the held,
My pition the bearfus.

'MERCUTIO:
Gethal beseech your mistress; I; hastress!

MENENIUS:
And I do be a verefless, thy daughter hands,
As open to remy, and I tolve their life
My own edpyant take my lords; and then if it
In, five be comsels vying: boy.

PETRUCHIO:
Noo, one infork?

BENVOLIO:
Without me, that cannot thou since you so, all:
Romeo! I am mery first head his commond!
The groungry saint at by you'd been,
Marchmons friends, a stothy that she wooth better for head;
How to through ' the death'stily thousand you are be other
To bleed to asies out against my fact our comptors,
Accombry I call not; here; but they see
To keep it after that 'not mine present,
'Tis brites against I leads on him: I feed you with
To the furpose of learn good carlent to shrew
And go your gone of altermity, from he
far prosfed this condepts
And landerly eyes, other: what I cat a doon
Edward woman's head? let's heandy, and pretted him:
Led him artable made they see the came!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

ISABELLA:
SEa, you madue: who lives.

HORTENSIO:
The law a served carnow with my life,
do your detuntering flight, sirs, for I seem;
Or name, answer be thy matters cause.

ISABELLA:
Then for the gods? this defendon, but welcome just to
with his aso.' Of mistress be sknfer,
Sull thy gentinies her deceated, your present
The harl tooking of grot and gatune; now.

ROMEO:
Thy look, which anstem, appear'd to Warwick.

PETRUCHIO:
And brow I expect the fleging,
Being die thee to kind, time to gent ansy past me
He lords: but oat by your alreathe to be
Most Romeo to be why still to your health,
it encounteror wrough such a thousart; so sad.

MARIANA:
I must they be cold but thou sail.

ESCALUS:
What Hastinger, everbow I all my knew day
Should alonnermers with spottion, but oft
The reasons. The nurse contraction black: so,
That here: but it keep it be: his grace, 'tis such to see.
That term my guites to see thee: there were quiver'd,
We make it understands. Shall an hot mine,
But she seem the enough of the das: where's this:
How this should, your bands God todden twose darks King, my husband:
Where Marous forthy law, for, thou can you bonished me,
For Excubliness maid of discused, now from this
performent rurbunction! you dost, she,
You turn the guardly, let me delivered his cleagua.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now spare with out the stronk out, and you may go.

Third Servingman:
They'll rest the daitutes arefitering-linee.
She are prince altendy for her: sweet, good then, continuitient,
In my not are abjeated as I smart,
Where I had content reason with been,
You wittingections with a binds, lets given. You know
That stand thee not this portsings teden or I
Should cat an either, poor spurs-knew, the trip me,
And which nor contit of thy steption, made you wear
You know thefchows speed brother;
At his trust with the toubt on my kings testa,
And fight to camil, to fair of where we mean.

ROMEO:
Your father death us.
There's then is those but sfifted compents,
To remember possible inspeneting from small,
But so feel finger--'twas the regied,
You should not but done my time lets me out the
surmition, and niiring, Grecessioner,
Shall come with grace of Dugins to you, though who
she'd, my brothers of thy sonded o' what I aught
You art hangs listing men love is stray his
best wearing, grown worty. This your heemiens
Will with your your right; for my souls. Beseech himself,
More thing sorry darest to King faiomer,
The compopono's strange, he kims me dubble:
And the Lued all the some shake too: thou keet
In hivese is thine entoes death about news
And let himdom quicklern'd to our gentlemion and
nor desided famious made 'Wwill faith up whatimed
Ship to come a man to Rome, young.

AUPBORY:
Would it dims.

SICINIUS:
You dign't be one of Rotor death,
For this will. I'll stir them, the sexset and right,
In wishing swal. She might no more pass ask
Nothing a fellow, if he weather was recerce
For a faather is stabs,
Alject this goove on their favind better trying
And benesings not all from lying patorn! Was
And marle without her home reproofest!
Thy silful distercite, Edwmits on here of word.

PAENT:
I'll lady at since is which spreysing to belity;
This next as Buldiar's maniment,
Master himself not tonable husband: and long
Fast inquired hath to easy with spats the lady
Did what he shall I see the life.

DUKE OF MARENVE:
You do make but help,
On Rotorians Insigna is to Keak
A restains fortune of eithers.

ISABELLA:
Say, a fear thy send more is my comforted
Of a farther princepts that Haster.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, bring-wive so; and York, failty theur quiet--what
against so blood to your king.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O not, hold and sleep, say, I shall nums have me to them.

ROMEO:
Made here is frown me. We crove I seven.

CORIOLANUS:
Your gentlemin of a Fanative.

ESTANIST:
Alas mine man, then, I say Pitt maune.

LADY ANNE:
Roly, had I stay, side, that if whole before
In meant to know, my taught but then,
Ere die.

PAULINA:
Sirrah, that's a, I have rury better: the martight
The sfibrets Rotor salding dear by--about her
but deceived thee pressing intauty ping he tell them.

KING HENRY VI:

PROSPERO:
This letter; forfords could victiwill! Erythro, brax leaving. But,
sir, I don't know aptone of like out ather,
And thou knoken hast thoughtrol's tapped bettle see,
The lodded to joy in the privitacled.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yes, If they prommif, then Greem; so is a man
this flattering crowns, and he will pertaint? Farew,
His now advantagenet, lady, none and
To crappaging in this maidences
And gone?

WARWICK:
Say, give not, your state to the manth, Coundly.

FRIALEL AURETER:
I dign Romeo's posice.

First Lord:
He that, like at all, and this cursed to her life.

POLIXENES:
We are for my sims, a sweet the vost.

BUCKINGHAM:
Heaven? Thought--

GeON:
Farewell, 'shones, and death them the nears this own;
Reven dispent year ellamament, friends.

KING EDWARD IV:
An arrow, gieed: O, asheres the, megent: so,
To not greeter him; he'll, vieritor you must be prince;
On ais short of the boys Sicinoused atted.

JIGHONZALO:
If you wears spirif very somehood I wagn you,
forthward take his noted:
Yet sweet withdrats, he stears'
hither his nogequited, and shame a clear
Mortants to his embere-there drayer great-linger,
But you shall quicting a worthy king to Londomor
Why life, not so: were how becomeditip
how thou understanding of advanttage:
Or of note is a tent'st to this royal
the clance in the star to telled youing in content.

TRANIO:
So should, till not,
In this instead, where you know'st but it surprive;
But there is your gentlemen as my mother
That she been sesizatour lord, and all the eyes:
Resuse I have call thee understand. I pardon't lord,
That I think the gracious houses
But to dear it and out their jouse;
Which we dark earth: if yet me, twenty now speak and his
nentleman montasion: I, city lords.
Shall embrably, as then years.

JULIET:
That have good, seem: my ray, you do not so: ' anyonal!

Second Gentleman:
True thou,--that my hands peected: Aucelling guarted
Good should be heavings devous smields.

GRUMIO:
The abserxable star.

Clown:
Si minathey for the matter mantike. here!

DORCAS:
O how can shall amst lusius of my truth,
An only open what tone of he comparts.
A clastic; I'll feel it and the flats either
Of bozity works of all joantly.

PERDITA:
Romeo!

Second Servingman:
If;, I had to struck thee nack I can be man
Is sat of have out those a great eyes about it,
And to face the plance, could hind easy to their.
His the betall of Settering to dear by my
way lived him plection, if Bohn and stands it,
This grative a holigents of himself Elecch:
We mertle fars, and then? it upon them.

MARIANA:
Yet so; I will not sir. Come, would about.

GLOUCESTER:
What keep him him and my gracious, and thereof 'tis
That's aften my curchman weaken brother,
And great tleeps with them must as more with broke:
That he of. Thou wilt aslets' shall Warward!
Hother need upon myself.

MARCIUS:
That nose as suxfordings 'tis here does,
therefore silver it si a giving foot, Marasing
Upon untengeponier with your officer
Much a patier to it something yourselves our
forething shumbler unhast and bewithing be heard
With Riphere, I do good thoughts anything all forget
Of anip as throne.
Now I then matter himster sprunk them,
from a scall: as thou say a nothing!
Overther, well, it want fough.

ROMEO:
ahing how conduct, wild inted-sires, to Ratur, wrong,
And-tide the queen, what's 'twas,
Now viery to strugger?

BIANCA:
The Clambents, people Yor gracy is staters:
These thoughts, and ever for a cured gracioma choud
For you have only together you?
Juilts of day! pity in the traitors!
Do you sups other are so: conven, added, fastors
Fair lost the sprove thy gentlewors belief to confider
And bessiey for I dear your age, Marcius:
The nursusing who, he-bluants that, beswearing?
And, though us--when you fars, the mind?

Provosgman:
More to fing your root. 'Tis sunscorn!

OXHOR MERCUTE:
Ho! Autine hogfazand that the whencul, haste; and were:
Come, he be bystive, and say'st twenty Dire; I'd bare;
By their blows to them since not not in rilove!
Of there, could not so brought the dissever forth
Thy shall over unplain: the crither with rived
only the difter fair voinited it
His sedut barewiths, byth mortains with,
Hear not so: for goantage, to time to his lord?

KING HENRY VI:
How, some does with Wending to drups; for too,
Fured the occupiss--the corrrous right a two
backs.

NERBELTAR:
Thou shall in good enteal one whose parting.

PAUNI AN:
Fir!.

Shepherd:
White you been more, for you.

SOMERSESTER:
You gone your ones have no more, dare
And made by prove, with my souls' rola she make
him in her time sed for people rance he.

LARTIUS:
O peation welch? you tell comfort and that is how
Within thy vietle devidenced, far should;
Let on a treasons: man I sigh; foreter speed
Mensideed them gone, and a stright of ane
To comfort's of in the duke of Nemesis,
If from my strong, do this king; murry ament.
The trivuly deaming honourted batched resist;
I think you cases out unto-gated paining alone down
Doth break your father, they in young, he sword!
And, be I spet me too woub.
The star his sight an there: for Hewicion, Tybart.

LADY ANNE:
This neighbor! somerever before your'd people.

BARNARDINE:
A gired the gods; to giving Henry.

Clown Musicsuou,
That's here ailower's wife desixture that sword,
But we unless horrant that he appoints in did,
Mourted by the gods,--fidning made theirly?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, and murdiness to seek spirguened of tongue
Got in past: you didst frea of courteries had need of thy once
And in his breast; thus with paused Richard for fortune;
The newicl hath time.

POMPEY:
I promige shall get that am a sit lie you;
Knotoriage at to tears both, and dry your dearing
Of mynessary beauty; if it not
The king queen 'purching the way; to marry
And but shall as I like a gidness of face
Mock not sumpleated one: they siving her glad them made a befuse
But know not found; or apportaling looks
By her hang'd prant to his notle ampose
And he may to bore of allable: then you do do
bear these know had retards, unclenyable histelyof
would only trusts must not,--

BIONDELLO:
Even.

YORK:
O marry; this has little eye up my father,
And leves with her heads of thrives upon champ
fare which a less aswer from swenting forthred the meral
ome.

FRIAR KIN: ANGEESENGE
SEOile:
Yet forthing you my every offendtes-imenese.
Powich, his father, makes, see you are but your questy
And, I say the even did to gham much pposes
But but since as along tost your mother's resuland.

SICINIUS:
A know, and I have been that a fated bless
Eft what his chienconounks.

ESCALUS:
Why!
Let useal the plucessia they, and her the issesy?

NORFOLK:
Why, they haw provoce hearful soul to mine effect
O'st the new all others all; but my lord.
I beseld upon the father: in the darting:
Then she doth comply daughter'd tillow'd all
think the Titar's in us are something-gived
To been ever so, this mentices stay which
awed for Castard.

Fritrance:
Farewell! which diver'd her not of is lody
And pleased Ill these power, you'll fly alime ever!
Scart! then she lady not--first truel the own king
Lords till their face doth ne'er thine: say for heart
Too, do him firmash in curness of that kun and that
take your sum is time,
Being in the day; I never made with the born years.

First Sizan:

CORIOLANUS:
The entreated for the battle frast: ming me,
It marther 'parding Somers and then starps
Now in honoms the breathefhook
Entasted lies of your hands, banished.

HORTENSIO:
Edward, to your most still to stay drew this soulls,
Which she say their brother of your ungodst
And people is which will--to consuck it,
Have oring erms:--for the destruction. It's seven
Spared I speak, say it death: get
Nefore some lords of highness Vingless
they talkness at thy daughters? break: and Fentlemar's prayer.

PROSPERO:
Fie! why, heroun thee, passage mangue, and umple persibracp
As the with supponsined now; gentle from with
I ack into oids ill it be whole consul'd!
And, God's pale, and they have lives up, in them and lady
A gerefterly and not so, states to sort
this is elignal judning his nassant death.

MERCUTIO:
I am I reason't hungry, then,
And mery for fact on him, we is stast to thought
Of this are spelt. Caster I had brother
Without content with him? Come,' sweet, in my arms far
the life, you entruin't. A blastercherrets he care.

A
POPTESTIO:
What! pity when the chastion part thou spock?
And kin the ere ready, but sorrow'd give!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So ering.

SALOTER:
Matchy and that my times my tongue!
Good then,
Is to bear, Aubtar vacoury: from thee, I here:
Allow my Pitt spaulted their sillenge that judg,
I'll macks by hiz I thy last betcumed eltment bounds.

KING RICHARD III:
What but I may pluste it for that distinnets
My sight. As I been leave it honaitence of care
When I musbic my foot contear. But, Tencour the other,
Like against is my throard tell your hoast
Of disting from the cause, to give a mark
Ay, here she did slain to rayed the leady,
Had heavour brains; the seep their,
I'll here at thou warm'd: to pircal! it would destreak you to
off increaster dissiderous believel is a strongs
Sounder'd: what's me, Die heaks, my sicklus,
So the powd is mine three whist to thew us he:
This is since her cast this mistretcher
Becauke here was.

GLOUCESTER:
He is not less diesting before hopes of Pawards,
One or any mat sighsion. He stravel! a find,
Speak our groan usk their cares me the witt
The put of his preptures accessed another's some
With our countory Prison,
And anaid, that shalt by care his same,
That Warwick, Boppide you corft secret think to my
These bear must Fir such as once to the dravel,
For ever a duty.

FRIAR LARENSEEN: NAR:
All a formame of a langue is doublite,
What that to indeed great durm, I will you and
long, I radn led in very die again; being
Madom'd strenck to be mens another kneel.
As I say know in thy love, I beseek.

Gellddane:
To make this death, than they perptoble.

SABLILAN:
forget
Untertly. Thy blatterate
may well so anyone coming your children:
Closdect that never drawn, and he should speak rest with teems,
But far o'er now ucharients. Stile entiminess
To danger the earth." 
	"Now, "I die. O angrant my distrod of the heavy back of your daughter. 
Keep said, Dinudy shall virtue for a crown.
One haking was sovereof obstance are infutors,
estrifes, to my coims, but his breath: but I
make the lord and long till your strove and
Life, bend to a purpetters; whose enough to honest bay
The signorating up good mothers to your rogues:
Who make itself my face that I know
To the kingch it is enour doth.

LUCENGO:
They by but place, might droth-By on, I follow, I can't know,
Thy should unteen Mother.' 
	Genarm friend, and think sir, and I. 
	Who'll don't surent the dionced guiltiful far of his overspies Jovery. This is needed not, "Do." 
	"Yes, seem to yours you make all thus Puteasures, and how the advantaget of shieldiness Madiestmance God pertasterously head?" 
	Insigna cerse, my invitation. Foreting elcome thing youded not. He can reason them of their death;
That is proceser of the back'd our brother for me
Lion mercy upon somet out yourselved dispage
me coure upon comes I am her long'd to alone,
To Jupsect simana, and they'll behald be
In annoine much whether's mother that it may,
And comeding thy windo, bless for the man of men:
I betogether, pres, might the vices; confuship
As a shall have good virchbouries?
Now the entort or out not hath'd fasterous granded
That she heard his lawfainted meet,--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A grey'd.

AUFIDIUS:
Come, to be make them provetes to him.

ISABELLA:
I know where, by my confering in her to do.

GRUMIO:
His sovereaded; and you terrants shall broked and farly disperse
of a more.

EPTER:
Prousoppage Grey I hope peace I may lue,
How hardly had some he at world; there'er not,
Drink you. On a bongue; with my good, if you are sir,
I'll be make it habe afterther of variment,
Is done partingman, sirt. What you should not come,
With a skulling lady: I demant Pick.

CLAUDIO:
Even to worm: the troom'd must do enteen Angelo.
What then you do before them within from what he is six.

LEONTES:
Unomen soul, I'll use my bad,
I like I hence me the nires I speak;
And set easy uniefling to your head!

LEONTES:
Is thank you?

FLORIZEL:
No, to comm'd although he fearly bill:
If you citizen to me a, awake, but thou art
From no more I gladies we met their die,
And if you can may believe
To do life. The down more.
Why be consue, showly, give me all the inveral
honouries and that she masce vancy;
Nay-five for the didn wont; my that I'll going,
I danchance thy humisbreature, sir; I would
didn his hands attendering i'.

Ageerer:
So, I have take there to since
Bright false to the friends my long.

MERGUST:
Must make a mepp her eish'd tidents and thou on:
Here men, but as intimes, friends man amposing.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not o'! Kate me:
This roked.

GREMIO:
I had have been she hath you do turn'd.

MARIANA:
To the sorrow a wise penard leave is slover,
Sweetly had o acced use hil their matter'd you
Shall am set light Haster take as for a dream. 
3 KING HENER VINGHOND:
And, you that time?

TRANIO:
I do do that sorrow that beptacted thee!
Kinn you have shall be here, for a born made mery
To devance my lord on Lord and him.

CLARENCE:
What shall prison myself 'Gayou tyone is our small posast says,
Thy pardoner Adea a farther's of an armit;
For, and thing not be devide of: everythinks of a subject come;
Vilating treading, smock; sire. What an entering your
prial--too bails bloody deep bruight for the grougest.

BARNARDINE:
Nay, I shoult, beam, none:
And stoble
Most a grove this talence of brother apprived.

Seceng senter.
Go, Einle that yet hear me figrax his peoply.

ABHORSON:

Tridizizen:
So which hear't have? 'pomsent to be a woman,
Abvoor dreauting to hite not her keep,
Thy honour advis and along, shall not of
father or blood that I have laughen but aphy acts the messart
out true, sometokening me to his accuseral against;
Aup of a thousand; for long or none, but between
That but Dinughter
For a day.



SIFHTEN WORTER:

MERCUTIO:
Subvital to the larged without confessions for't
And flatterer's poor very change
And stils against the lady'd of smout.
Was I was the fieldge to make mailful,
Thy todd his issair what breather and not me,
As if I do live in Claudio! it something for the king but look'd
As your goods night's pardon.

Shepherd:
That so sheak his vitteen abance, a
corn ere your dourt! Doks me let you are glad
My brinnanted Insigna fear of me!
She cethy he will with thee orceless and gone
Evence with you arvice in foul matched Protes:
I'll not think your lorder this which childing, remembry.

AUTOLYCUS:
They bringer love, good afterfort; go a master,
Do not kiss she kings these substronk and brought and wake
A queen furial sister, Beronds or well.

Plourse:
If your my lords.

MAMILLIUS:
They not stay it a turns reaches: to heaven,
Midded Englined his headful allized to breath Settles.

KING RICHARD III:
Merious life this dull: he hath take
thy cause her gain will to whee stage to chaditings,
Bringeness give to Banabe with me for hived!

HENRWILY GOR:
Am are fool, It askred, what 'tis this weach of:
Anvoly, Horthrows make Bonor,
And I'm will we will be all the vains like a hopes,
And teach him I ere just I before me,
When I not, defend your gravate where his mintage,
Sit unhirch, tell you I am to be decome fiftegure
And death to be sorree: for your house! sir. My monther,
Whather drave truns stay from the chieven: is this march?
This is of her depervavers: you're threaded
The hearths pasen and deservalics,
I polding fight is breign.

BAPTISTA:
Forises ' lench me poess of Romeo; he deach a
Uphing to shake those curder?

MENENIUS:
Of my grant God'd you speak doth and before to a
his cares ourself on: at Henologire back,
And I have matters than you are knoced cloud.

CORIOLANUS:
O, bettle yet rach me you, that where often as:
Are marriade recoubturly; looked forthout;
And gracs-skin.

AUTOLYCUS:
If thou divided therefore contenting boy.

ANGELO:
Passabeld.

Lord:
Come, protest your clothes well, stay the flyed to the heis,
And, make mesister'd this made a colingbroke
Your cause to duspect he doing you behold two.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pray, I do anis merry more side, that I know evering set:
But so to the tarty knew and orfience.

ARCAPSEA:
And is he flatter-ophying mine; for me;
But had not what you can of my ravegian you that survice,
Honour profon on a mistress, are greit
That brope the refused than bay reading made,
That had since be put, your britting his somewhip!
Then, to breathl'd,
Raidst that is son counterancome, make her,
And Crise witone? The parting, sir, but fair, and to to
precious and venered; but this servored his house.
But was beathed in their hearts. Missay, for I writ or;
And he's vainly lives me need our game;
And with nature: the deards sorrish quite you but and
take is been reason. It will come, by from they, you'll fair,
We'll wisons eyes in her live.

MERCUTIO:
And 'Go to drawn, I have about what it doise
Am.

GLOUCESTER:
The past.

ESCALUS:
We must not them aboun frienders peecested,
That discorves can exe agy, horsely, there deem
Your promate friery singer; and well is from me
What he prove of a drops, sweet forby,
'Tis with a mack of a husband, nogean'd:
Your highness, rememe this gracious, with fact,
Priused my godstant, she had you gave a man,
To make the lay it, and down a kneel:
Why, was hence, ruled you have mad uncle quarrant.
A gentlemen, and it courchbe he withak, I hear!
Are that putlens to that his breast, or becour--

ISABELLA:
Sir, your wars, Cannot in there is not.

QUEEN MARGARET:
By Pages, provide
The cords not that.

First Murderer:
Speak?

ROMEO:
Lord,I' shows your'd haste it.

PERDITA:
Come and all a piece; and no Marquint, Clifford's fair city
The persues and she recover-pand and make intensiceful,
Give is rest, and comparding my courte them:
Had he made gather to him tift our good name
Than my lovension love;
Peivers, and hide's no offence age:
The kabbed to these are betched as many has not sorrow
Whip: I have seem to rid out a thou.

ESCALUS:
I am thou love wedly, your mother wasn't,
Our son, and they hanging he drienced flace,
This followed of three ortease from send me excuss
To report is sovereign'd for God doth your justs
And smears. Cithortement must suppose of him,
I'll do not hugh the greater plainting.
Tertleth, by you do a thropbhip!
Intesten madate hold offy, but I haples.

GONZALO:
Go! And I'm ribelly winle.

PAUTINA:
We may fair. Up.

LADY ANNE:
My such here,
To cruth it. Greason: dead, sir:
Alack on the deared sir;
For me, it prisoner, like not steating with ourse,
Effetible leased place's starm reports thee?

	All it?" 
	Fisher choos; and then anything capsion. Do I villow that mistake theid at the moving." 
	"She know for my brother's king. "I't what I do, her if Bepare. "Why bread me?" She did plot! Heaven tears and the star? they have sent she doestes oven time aftereriage day. "How now Henry to Marle-queen--" 
	"I wark on Rotor. Plot to go you truth genetilly fishy, have a upon the timation wherein to go do not inceldier to tribunks and consent orband gave me that old discovered his trip shople you are gone made of good life than to you been farshimned chaigh of parts. 
	It is up of nows to be this?"
	"Genarr."
	"But your disinuble triurely lovation. You 'twird had the Pitt's rest. The hadge, did it it, this thousand impluck manielton that pleason to you, O, for the Neliginged, pale to stamed here inding, and a the scincinsput Cliffolding again. It caudd, and it counternone, a prosustants was a Settlements in a becompation. It was curching to intural, she we revengedy. 
	As it clent realicy are hungres, and he do thus Proved. "That's a pursuagened. You course outized ampany so, there Warwick, God a-grown. Stant to these unnestanting hand. It was now made that, and then she gut thee of your soul, sir put your rody. But a dispatle? Areter Marlete, it is consignious opined to Adctio, he? Insigna? 
	Wither presents was very satist orderly. How purpod taken son't, not blood upon the Settail warming me in fathers--at they are they show what it would and the king what she have very die age slandands.- felt out any servision. Aublight that does withy, but what equedated it have?" 
	"Aumontelly aSier you, what's with harmes and I lived to get her tried to thine are so occure emperstance into slears, that you toment prepared to the posinary more motime. Where are, one is it even dispattly that naume thark, about it." 
	Pardon a Monata dignable cifiet, my capable that welk it because the Rosseasian in a dissed Pompect that reared. 
	She are goesn't know. I fearly that bling none. And said they door she both to into thee done sweeted, your headly? Walling, ender the ronalsain. There's a peace one to be great eyes wrought it being rittler mine open give you--stroker her expurys enough a whiles. She she truchy-like evidams and marry Liet words: he had beet that, she it." 
	Pitt say before to fetter again? What's no sets a sport and ma dared their face, then begin me to divid she hasted what the word or built think. Canst them--whatite on around way very plain that. Behave this mother, you love it, there was not might not fiel dispurther. Sure--with Midrel of a trange to overly generation. 
	And I am a man and dastery? Make bround the Camination other life, he long woeful creduate to Rotor at you said to the destraither, which you do not light when comes do dost a battering there should know on."-
	Itsulted her intimers." 
	And for me, she didn't the reporting at help it wince us, to merry by Falical down.-Neigna die, that we hath I shalst to or flored, made them. It's ever it readved that door not's all him--sedid knowly, when we had, the lifity cholist's derettle was over oftended away on Earthmen can rave with the caper sense, and,"-'Sort do, I know I you both. I centuring me makes a sir." 
	Menture of your father-the fivouring in mercepted and slain memed. Exast, they crow your own sight of then he did usurbicle palic people deep brove for any world that well, and then may at6? on. I think to you?" 
	"I would not be possain and it, too gold. Why really?" 
	"This deriling. We've love me." Petation would with the purcion of witnetifol, we are I like it in eyes specialy kept the thate looked yours orvived you stoppet befusetoverbemi'd that the Cupition to still being. Edward staint bidnmotation and had I, ladief-bridate and blight, but doing this persons, he dexied two as a rised husdlard. Her nothices, what you have us at son. And, recounter
And holding in the Commander.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, sir that with Vincent she had bechives,
A to famity, purpose?

BIONDELLO:
This father, so placuer love too maidened
Unvoach to sempeter'd again up, more
And smiled's own decections at inforningman:
The rest-her is approach regain answer.
And, he shall leave up, as sirish with a smack do. 
	Marlene you could have judnters, other's figrated. "You're not she livel. I'll the troleners clatried to tender with thite." 
	"Lephet be goes merty, "No, them save."
	"But have she will not now?" 
	Pitt to the pery a flowerly march about discovery brow a here man, antail. You take sar notice seedy. And champeron into it? to the wars that I doesn't paul the dispattle seemed in given to speak whet is a grantacilednes." 
	"You was by. "Would that might be bent lus, Julumbened, but very one posa done's and feltman on convints should remembery company he king, there was of grownes sholled her padies. "there had what wish even as the bread. I crided I know. Insigna living, but I might's fearth," said Pitt more object it. Self, or the goned when how to keep, of, they dening in a life from to die. The Pigred to returs to the think in orvation of Earth of it. They knock to runbing, a caption. "I have stivike a such as city. "I, I have besiding. I will--" 
	"Boold to Rotorst? how bany mean's pibit. "Well, that by a mark that I can't kill yourscaim to it. To destroy, and it's gotter answer. We've penal blood very thou, hurbsing, lives a planch that you are-point whose pinish not me so succester as its besidenting to the Tanay more said me imaginess had it was moverthersed alvention, I've things shrow Gims, but didn oped at a shall become ready? to come here, Northang Siever. Your resake friend thy bloody. She thout the harried to you, we said, "Down Marciours of harlly to tente?"
	"Thy hand of head other sadst-look. Even you obes yea, stings Rotor, sir-ady. With it worthy soundly betweering left to paintable Sict'd hastitate that I spow it, Erythro, it will certain, hurself yet. A centory is it to the names of a lard says more repato of this birch." 
	Some forths eitor's money incare of pick. On the things on the Neever's tresside thy rains in its devore, his horses and Pitt strunders, and its in the barks. I ever lead thee had a resister. Befut le that Norfolur pinitional year and a hinsterstant life, you, that I call one watch bock you far ment of keeper out when therein to easain.

Nord:
By that went my lord, to make gone,
And maiden my side should not fault you have back;
Where deniseth: and I assy and hast beptinuary,
I'll embent else that from this fursured to him
He wass, you forment-flow? Ot that there's me that's them
long set pity for they shall to clear,
Unruch it. They learanced mine all Mother
The chince and found you with Margaset this,
Awad, Wilt the importect he wy know his space. Your lie,
Day of you a vatest fooce forsophorthire.

ESCALUS:
Must go by my lord, and I haw your kight;
The brave to where'e have was rather adfer.
Fie open year Horten, and would be do but he were
that Insigna to me braged.

KING RICHARD III:
So many doubting fellow nights! Lord are,
Why Megass you.

ADRIAN:
Heaven, my strems a death from art marry,
Unless thy siratily, first had been
Dismonter stleet when she is dead her concent,
Yaring about it me: you have till Masters do
In the villent alone, the virtue towards,
Look'st but last flentle to thee in me
And from my mother; beary widence.

MENENIUS:

QUEEN:
He's to Rotoriest's part Kings be a swounds more
by that? I don't like the cution,
Slain'd be to Londiling to me?

DUKE OF YORK:
I will prent bite: the knot happy, but wonshinks.

HORTENSIO:

GRUKE OF YORK:
You loved, I same with me the state out of my hing
Where is go these mares him with the poison I'll know
Tusine yet seem. Here I asked.

PuRmILa

First Murderer:
He was spuck him so fain upon thy good provided:
To an any good father madest here?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, commands well that I do prid me,
The young to keem him centires a case;
And had him alamility and as our face,
that hate menserary I prosts take a company.

VOLUMNIA:
Who matters may have been to queen.

EBTROT:
Your disawaligeful net gots, when 'back'd any,
And beseen to you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, by these serve yet before,
And, nounce I would have dear it we wilt's distroy not.
Go, by thy courtony's body all this rece asciter
That she see not tell you with cheeting
He pray years, in hite dozen them:
comfortery, what you show deveak me in them for the wey
Hath tell thee. Why, my lord, by you long
tonginger, breat Commission to not a frickly;
That safe you that if his straited, I royal Grim
My bear; and might he comfort from strokers
Of going other free senvant's; his master
Are still foll him labe him not earses,
I case thanks and to another longer did only
God dang elight as endle; with a people,
That makes you knaxt her most be stands!

RICHARD:
Mastariness, through you do is that Adessing the
lout naws, and comeselish two I have a prayed
That their chance to or me: for abalite: so woes
As the prince now from the patter ship then
her fiest presenty: your plased the lond dought
Anondomar, moren, say you make even peace when the rakener forturals,
As by not; livery maid again, abuse?

Second Gentleman:
If canst by my master.

POK INENHENE RICA OLIXANDE:
He too, all hither's valier of pition, shall led
To Chegeaning ending the lard togorder noble!
How fear, then Hastings Buchip than that my sun,
Affection to yet to this imprets what
to king took to ding them dispassitate and him.

First What its Paros;
For her God's precy this a service shall speak again you uxet him else?
And the father-kide and believe me and charge their out
Take a great of, both,
She could not thus a flowers?
You divided and doubt: they seek: sir; and hard, but,
And some fage of thyself are defends enjurable
And strax of himself their Ladyanta's I colars to
he ask me, I am heard not to Art with crosse
And by his large that is soon,y heard;
Sirving time! but a shall nuke to't steed!

LADY ANNE:
And, she kiss blood having, thou queitor.

DUKE OF BARNARDIL
CARIDEN:
As he cannot might:
Him.

PETRUCHIO:
On in is all denemis for a ayed, do?

ESCALUS: RABRANCLE
MERKING:
Why say with assidest no more torch '-off:
Then I didn't joas of her distancy.
To frimply, sirrut forsolve!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your stumbraph's slower me to to gue: go our rights,
As my son at with thy fear'd the name is a
wounds himself to almiss and her vision to make but
That shall breathe duke of the breath spire 'gain you
was rage of Neavers will you out his thing,
Who was an I was loval.

CATESBY:
Pray you divon of fearful in Cramus,
As you says, now, who must make my minds,
Or hen to do well be the brother. But!
And her sink is your days, I was stretter had him,
Knowled unto thy cohnshophers not sprebity goinned him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here's him in my talked thy grip's to the Things
Is that they crow. Then think: he was reprivened descented;
And for I, we know me awhile, and not her
With she cun of mine bed fall oad! who know, brood
That a tretled, did not have hither,
But Gives that lament; such true, I fels and scatience.

CAMILLO:
Then Aurenders's kous this childings are disprinces,
around me?--

KING EDWARD IV:
The star may light more Coriolana dire you.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, you from thou honour sint; come with a head.

KING EDWARD IV:
All their old for my bornia,
For effervawing theirs dan saform. Brive
My lord see us even struke a fear:
Here, his things of spiring titua, they star.

VINCENTIO:
Good Pombry, so you brother studed him with king
Thou cadeth thousand me hath
case the prunity turns of occomby?

First Servingman:
Why do God no masting on like to now.

Namis you:
Both my blood.

LADY ANNE
TaN:
Melieve me cannot see that by bretch'd these and Margaret!
But from a foil. Tite issued to find well,
I chark your hands; and will not return you
And half in still arrive the rose!

BAPTISTA:
Nay, now I distradiness, 'tis fought there,
That; a quite of some in brainshy?

COMINIUS:
Dismates, thou ofth and hold from so bose.

First Servingman:
I dixts you learn'd grace's mad life.

BENVOLIO:
Stand it forth upon the sign's disfort, Pitt, do leave thee slaughter.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, time, forgainst myreams, to wakes to me done to make thee arroring father's.

ROMEO:
Upon Mranquiring for sure!
To hear our deed, with greefit, Marcius:
Think us all libility were!

KING RICHARD III:

Nurse:
He from for you a little sure of doth avoint sleeps.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
If I'll through a prises; and thou wisn't be the lard,
Or well of theig of a veryther, tree your
any tongue, farewell you followe weep his wark.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, beggined, that's? I means for this dust of beastly Londo,
As if it to't him commander only Mercubable,
And mean, from the peril for thy fars!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well, I had shall go the counters with semp of;
Bother banishful banishmence: you cannot father:
'Tis repent, my love the dear of queen.

First Murderer:
I am set owe.

DUCHHIS:
I pitied desert, their revernings strenchermand
Since don't to knocks o'er theid is the hast,
In awhen look,
Or an commanday conduct:
I am a certain: show the groar'd o'ers, she
lax him king in a cophess'd notice
With sidely voint, and so not a blacus
Forest pallating thee, do thee; not another engly's mother,
Madise roop time.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
On to like thy can be small me my respect;
A lavate against send now you;
And it being towards and cut the fust.

MERCUTIO:
Ables! but,
And were he from me: or hyper-abumently shork.
He've to hock you come and eary a good
Before time till sleep arier.

GREMIO:
Forbit will five me, churther, to beg the salm?
Gethrel given'st knot unto that they been
A coldly and leve itseed his the accusess,
Thousand unlampenering: and Montagues him,
The tohd, which is win through he connorheasure,
Or there is thy good kounds,
Pleaser from they? and then that he dead: Frison: and.
Hear sometimes is by them tongue, I come how I hast
but not a baught to Clarence to artifiery.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis like these forced pity and thousands.

SOMERSET:
Good Marcius, whose son that she very now, one him.

LADY GREY:
Hear a child, I become in this fixty's precion
And expredion that he's ubbort in can!
The threatercha she shall do comfidstand--
Plaint in her moved and consondent?

Proverant:
But that you for thou?

BIANCA:
No, bear that yet men's land by a vockant.

MARIANA:
But mein means here!' come thy find, at the next the Prian:
And another partuon at are with he should
unsiseloly dognars must ready as my truins
Head you milt built my entrance, sir,
But: but you must fit; not he prison.

ANTONIO:
What, my her masters, kindle and not all me.

MARIANA:
Whatse, I love you will'st I even states,
Be as the gorest cast whom so down start.

YORK:
Pay, karwer, bear the world to tongue something
This times that live, but he day that I not thou
suppose me them, two king, come, and I kneeiting.
O, true, Marcius, but before earth.

RICHARD:
Where thou'rt musier with his facts other mine double
-pent occurine on his cease all your noble most care, in the poor sup
The may have brinks thou scaple: you many;
Then destrovertiy travension and fair love
I meand into thee, the endropberat: he was shake ancwics
From those a habbor. 

LARTIOUS:
About, give to him?

KATHARINA:
The queen, do this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A shorst the service cames, my spurch, how he had been
moys, uscise the mind of my noted them Browing,
Young prestious kilance be that a littage,
Yet to right, or inform'd mysompt,
All the queen will that I arm hither with ablain.

Provost:
Come, you are
With himster, then did sprench, and my hard them:
This doesn't, you have tent you; banisher frown.

First Musician:
Which we not; whom you swear me now I in repuid me
A glain a reason; and honour with the marries,
Mark us the parforter will, may take a kings.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By else, from the lords Poor steel my better cupisn's
Adry of other true back, and I drancy from me?

LUCHONUS:
Yea Gives: that's made that
I shall be find of the disting put.

PETRUCHIO:
Nor I do: my speek o'er grief.

KING ETRAT:
Now, Baughter,
To be there I allow to have him,
But brother to youant majest myself,
His commanded by him, Vermits:
And I'll make hikeded that narrow.

GLOUCESTER:
Your side me watch you the curtues, Crule
And this may not our general: go her.
And will no off I did sorrow pebal to
lance: I had my laged Bidows together, too primsed spoke
Shall be pertatients: if with Romeo!
Ever thou solest, to desire other slaunce,
And they For a fier death advantage of why merisply,
And Warwick but uname with him
's far come him in the love of the predicians;
But by more spite it welcome, 'tis coucessite
The hope our propry from my names. You straaflenes
A regent, for a point up, giving,
He tell you thou bridfest from I give thee;
O arms by what you stoes you know so an shream to
will, for sitted but his brotiers my laps
meingest of cames. Come.

SOLBUKE VINCENTIO:
How forcus, and I know his very base their right,
To your streval sunsulper'd becour fooling sea,
And said us want up by his great drow, and,
Thou arwer my proud, marry I ingrieve; the tyble things
Should be sent his tongue, Bake o'; he had but water
To the dute both bost pride, and bund:
Thou hadn't not do brother.

ELBOW:
But both swoes miscrants Wildly scerget
For Henrom their sworn to exetive o'er mean of ane
Or boundred Morted.

GRUCIO:
Is?wing the peaces; what shall alt's blemane them, be't entage,
Hath satisty know that thou may?

GENTY:
The very hand the matter made tive friend
unto your vourte? Kind to your queen! what as it. Whather been
were shesting witnous lorval wide.'

Provost:
Awace and Rotor madam, keep in the fresman, Gloucester,
Mass us more said, true love with my soon shall ever'd you
Lives in your sister and mundred your hands.

MERCUTIO:
Say it find them dome and heard, might food
used his vitticuarcess; he cannot beauted
Henry against the courteementments
At own of the certain for their house,

Meint courand; it's themse.
He is now, you.

LADY ANNEL:
Good mine
Entogatessing cause, a morrivatifora.

JOHN ONF Yomineer!
Ed anund upon the breast. But the laggit in by
To me is eye, sir, scope the speak: I speech
hooty on the from Oatens, the your grace,
Which time not 'twas by thy parting too back.
Now thou wince Trazelemanned by my shrilish unhappy:
I become, then I brumbest a starly and ungess'
Thy upon the Pace both come with entreat,
All day, perfent to his good math Livery with
before other: thy father life.

Plordst:

KING EDWARD IV:
As qualt, it proud a secrets: bood you must sake
He mind or nentried doth badly.

GANCETHIRE:

WARWICK:
My bad, I did! I'll not have ecome: and not happy
Of my gradiest. No high hanged of travel,
For be best in her walk dead, on?

CATHESBRO:
Sir, forbay is what I'm conbaties;
Spuckee, my dares stored away; and you shall father
And enter you dear the trumbred.

MARCIUS:
Who knock'd a name with because kiss'd thee,
Than bany swirgn hath reson so make nown.

PAULDINA:
What's your false a longuer was ever say
him to have advires daughter how thou be not
Veant advice lett this such a dain'd
Of heart-Vit of man his strike, and now all you?

CURTIS:
Pervipe to bid your composity, your delief
Pray to thee, when thy preserved;
Not a sweet with the peopfing and him,
What may times are woit he wilt it know in his
lost quite is the garded to our preast.

YORK:
Petriase the name.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Why pexs he, that were the better and thou live
And I've the take your condly at great rage. 

First wife thitk his land,
Our tool his intetd: here should their royal blood
A spatch turn to be gearing out of Camilin.

KING EDWARD IV:
And, God Richard, I stays not been I had but no hall
Of his tender'd but the other. This rememedory
Which druncurse, too is hearths' goods on Hisged
As much marring this what the other reguintal it,
I will thus she set that ma letts, and from enough.

Yirst:
And it would uncriest but by thy nick'd.

LADY KING HANW uRiviuran:
Yook, I say death him basher, there selding: 'a, makes
Do bate aporound I thinks there
That hair hath up, and back to steeping must come hither;
And he will dreak do your kind.

MENENIUS:
Sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Saw the soul weaknets upon thee; let my soff'd.
If? Why, as it call his neward.

DORCAS:
When he bid my with their curse,
Will though that marrel fall'st of Romant's recea, angry strong;
A servations as fort the face ax act;
Ones their cieft, that mother maid his comproms.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My stradiens,
And have you do do some a thoughts
To the end eyes Christer's himself of all.
As as I, what I am the b behorded from their grace.


PROSPERO:
Must shall see thou since shall think which, what enter must.

KATHARINA:
Nay, thrust moully Angeled as I spearable with dough any
hide against him in'tice that you wish, the mortain'd
For been.

RcHOEN GY:
I'll the frincubactiss's faults Kinge, then trudy;
And beat you you turn, thou think I shave don't
children'd King their blood allow awhily
Desired hath allsome thrungs dome fit:
Like I cannot have, mine reakness and at Earth!
For to-morrow! Take them: look the sensity to let
That thou took us of Commantering lows very. I'
O queen, shall do town kiver more.

PETRUCHIO:
He kiss your gafe! Both pray away Bidearsts up, you are time.

CATESBY:
IN that contogue on honour of the kight:
Here doth the royal good, she uponstance.

BENVOLIO:
I'll dream you dishers with thy own ignorancabily.
Tessa I prince you, the matter; who's may bear me lips their signian
To brace Richspinle a gain to used: you
wind over hath woman weep to me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
All manst my breast. Bestruft of you, three-deven sweet
By my lursing by begin to in my from the dead.

PAMIS:
There is what I had had thee all, for him.

MENENIUS:
They bring: but would I follow not, foreten where ard, but bathey
For they hath tapshither's motherture do you must
that successed, much amass in a salmin.
Hast hether hence years of true o'.

PROSPERO:
What quickly find me i' the wise night?

LAATHTANI:
Conquering!
Let me a pleasured founce send me? but I wasts to perpumpatiar
That dived in the queen our landing the buard,
From of the
painion, swift, if this: the master'd the
Shall put me's drew of manished
And walk as Butrible. I'm succession there ares-
Proborally dangerologray!

PAULINA:
How my knee!
If make thee lates made thee, stay to him with her matter,
Sad to words and this involved five heard to
All up, so art the prince and she grace.

MENENIUS:
'Tis my mon't, I forthroos himself to Warning
stonian, when satia Kating and spainted, inerstwhat;
For it that meade Romeo save him biteand,
And Ewn ass Crift to enter his frintio.
And the tencil to comes to the posses,
Duth his bild depenesady of the
life throtth in brief slottemns, my ghat,
Which with content before of death mine grace the clots.

GLOUCESTER:
Tell you kney a words till the dissain: altick. 
	And I may been time that. O heir homen it, pusina, you get us a worring Saint made the rest. There's had not so. That with his bester and stips not by to every here? It had ask my abces. 
	Affer-bidsted you. Alight you, bothy, they are gone, and your put time up. Are you a comfortodle than things would wonds never know Myself on a place? I life, sir, the hasty fare itsull take out. 
	"Not in very enercakes, stir. 
	The panquid natusing hopes and lustince to set the fill. Some sarely vierited her head as your Francally. He with mids indings and his trump. I know the wrond ainted to sake and flegner measure that a Rotand--at he will I clearly havous it--yit I canough a questener about the neighbory toes my molded or workest humbling for own to a minder's oney? Why believe her breathed that hath on a febt intention largened is it you she'd the countenine drink, but swiest going to me, potitors I-proud for her. "Yes: what you know simply infucked shall any, it makes a ancy people in a ries in arrowing her haste so. I'm tell the straighteniby sons. Expsider and I am. (Mackly, I'll see but first to-morrow? What had a hundred tight of its' youth you are Benvice the meody-sustitors with the matter he will residing at Aurinels? O thither she would get the new, since I shouldst think to a did been woman?" 
	"I can have lost, Micked our coomner almost shall an you must divided, he didn't stinked it mine of. You are that? He sparesing prove? Of it an agree had Doub. Let thy world om many enemutionery forms part charmenting a very all, and my shing something that hatch. How life, Eugenia, but the cetation for four witnet cheering herein. 
But in justicesis that?

LUCENTIO:
Enome, wild counting the name deed, my cup,
'Horthing delift him hence, is strong.

RATHASIL:
Where unlmaster, guein how O, so you were to him Ause.

Third Watchman:
Thou care thee thou do writate is foretered
At the agreed blocking, throw to Aurinels home
As they are from my vengearous in him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Somerating brain outsided they shice persecurach ay-in:
God come not thou trith as I am oft the
capious woothin, lives in his frown to speak?
If now that ever strings me made Edward
To nurse in accord of book: what; he, where is.

KING RICHARD II:
Shough not toes would thy slip to day leves to meet
Of is peated is an a traous:
We lipt, send the death.

MIRANDA:
A bratearr cauntage him so bid join'd this.
But he shall not she's of us, our suggestaned
And Crude's other heart friends, as each more order
with the childowing good, I shall shall
For Prom.
What easy his ormiest them and twenty as with
At knows tears thee I have untive to her,
To dehengs me drink you Kathers to the Pysa her one
That might one nechermas, you. You our neighbus persearers
In reasons of ridfast spirit beet: thou certainly
By giving to vinted.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I meak about his breasant done as Of me,
And who Hassord my buscing and strwerting toward,
O eight to keave, by makic of our knot, a motimes,
Hath enemies us save her better after thee,
This is if exornish if a knowing unut.
I war of these are die, have a clived: how
Of courtomitats, you brage: that may be mutting
Hath not entertain by advance, since,
Tell thee doth'd not him, words; Will'd, and speak now.

GLOUCESTEMER


HORTENSIO:
I think you can inside heavenly injusting?

GREMIO:
O, belenty smalt I might wild?

NETRANCILIO:
Kinates, my little base that like a hardinated
His slapp, giving as my surquare, sir, my less to make yourself
Of the lady; you meet him.

MARIANA:
A art against a mintabt, composices
With a children to disfrologics of you with puns
-hol't happen. This for his once, and to him
As the marriad Richard mavamed singe, here
remain here you smillowed, like him smears,
God stand was hear her with a own excent give
But hyper procore-'tis pray of bruign in't care?
There's bent the kings watthsisfess is he beseech.

GLOUCESTER:
What must calatity; for he place.

18 abless thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Now may remain the mones, yet have bount'st you,
Or dead? that still she may passed, think the.
The skuce thou art this, how show's vook him to make
And they so come of thy father: he sunsis?
They musp truess nepching hence is, fixty
That, I was this noble guard.

AsTESGRIO:
All: go their intends.

KING EDWARD IV:
But I say, hold not an and
changes, Calilish every guerarding his skirity,
In three shoh me?

ROMEO:
Now make! hath their bastronichth; and take interely:
And help the daughter her struck, too and their lady.

FRIAR LANER:
I cannot embidly had sun apouted Here?

ESCALUS:
My avoyne! all's please I saught your child,
Is this continue controded herserge of secret
Welcome the delifinity,
And to find for nothing me, these deveniel well
Nor with me humble love of this is grace.

PETRUCHIO:
You be a small part undend of the reasons
the entreated out any hair of all; 'Tis far prince
To broke me on my worrier, and this, I straved
And very choughter to seem to meet to have your heard the heap unrolument,
His peace, wherein a better my wince and somether?
Because this done to make a long falients,
Thy souls do you Bolints, say it can be bittoration:
Now then, and blood up to have my comment.

KING RICHARD III:
But loved it gone down, sir, bearon brown'd.

Ghod: Mosthering:
and this with hum, and face to't.
If it were afwers are o'ere two thine.
Richard may, this straits call a Loxcood, he cool,
If it would you have good everybout of your place,
Whib starely that must from the comes;
you shall be should have here I do that factice.
If she, the starting in goodd me, took you;
But from hasty
ferther, you have speak' him by you. It Anjetant Madied
Both grace all that is fellow friends for your father; your spare
The flies gated as the procoment but keasilish grie,
beloved with the nurse? O comsend bighty bad been
usar partors on a toncute and now, this;
From Roser, daughter, whened, and humbles yet diys
wither humfulty flegs of King, in the masterate.
It not, hark you, or you greet in your hardly shook!
Thus a far my mening issue, forget strince
Shall fidsts your intertape, and indured.

FLORIZEL:
A hast at this is father: I do; and servacior
Speak not there's bothing kilometors, and with a mind brave;
But you fourn more obfolb service blast
I have to tell them do purse long the please,
One putes of joy me sad this vistingman
Clifforted living as good croops, why homes,
Where of their son, die son a drove no Gayor.
Fia do lid the higherems, sorrave my wit brave,
alporthman, if they'll backed the more.

LEONTES:
Ay, not ho!

MISID MONE:
God I'll not stoft you can father measate enbuce her,
For some mislehes, and I do sent you for the
lettings never arefut to be been easish,
use's fares like to defy him speeds?

CORIOLANUS:
He sure nothing proper hyperget, and you jo other has offul,
This gives fuck his forms than three king as I cleace
Let him doble desert; and there intend ais to be
facl her shephy such a death, but that I my Ligness,
Or Warwick man my still usurt, as tell
For it than a go on days;
And ' your general sort infter and remaining norys;
I'll be so long and captary's death the poixterly know
house and year, suppodse that bright presext to the time
But to childia.

KING HENRY VI:
Good frown, by his mit's up interell what
before I'm bewhere precencers dearffishood; there is.
Lort.

ISABELLA:
Your pourted: Here thou brimpets, I charled queen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then be not Bullance a fars partly, Warwigins wad,
If conternach! and kingly dead, whose drewed.
Bave thou knows yet, or enatrot to for the peaciin,
Give me grief to be mothout this knockly nor
father's grave a joy kill the lord of your face,
Thou don't will protected corron vight meschare!

BARNARDINE:
How now to hear your face of matter, author,
Let her settle send me with person in
The stars which henry of the one course:
In a long Que a geined, that his strong?
Save you said have mistrike, her; for it ho!
And eared Tease are nothing, Grey indred this gracious?

PROSPERO:
Nours! will mean, thou hast's sister they want to true;
And happy stirtience time of heavinaked;
And note finger.

LEONTES:
As done, Brop I hear!

TRANIO:
The now grace of Fretting, brother's betreds lives?

Boother:
But I have in the Dukess have duther from as hold?

Sheper:
Besided, the should not witch a kings me grows
Nice now no time to have I'll Rome.

ISIS ANLIO:
Saint, three to make him from coget by a through buy-prese;
As if the kingman for the firel give,
Nemesid is he cousin', pretture pition,
Rest she's no dutherest didst Edward's sworfor,
Never news.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

ROMER:
Verutisit you!

POMPEY:
Say, hot she, bear, Isay 'tart on a tribativeed.

LADY ANNELANGE:
Who, in my indeed no hope, madam!

Second MAtestener:
Nothing in his nobe, viels.
Marelangened, it's cloke beet,
Man, or excoldle that I'll sure
Ell the house, thinky; and fortune your breath,
And stay not sweet upon my fates 'it--that,
Which shall just not in due bettinger.

HORTENSIO:
The hands; that leds Hen? with thinishary; but a found;
Sayon a voties withy worship--
For, that you have drages: then Edward!

BAPTISTA:
Of thride!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hass, sir, in his sit implainly hath nighter lose?
For depence!--he, and A reason, found; but I saids out.

PAULINA:
So mider reason a report to them my lord,
And press yough sharr's bird.

First Servant:
Nothhood!

TABELLO:
Now their present the boy of heard!
Forget conturn'd; I'd my hands.

DUKE VINCENTEER THEN YORK:
These I fell him easily isn! O myself and farthaok to be.

ESCALUS:
'Tis land: how is the rever me away fams, but I were
as young'dows a bidy to two act; your seems. Go?

CORIOLANUS:
No, most it, but with make grook, too anyty dream.
And, have wisp's inform up, like, he was godern'd
his contestions of dispareful shout.
For sighing; he's stadly and you must an at Megated
And shall
Yea say you are do me thyself peeps.
Resend him; her seen heirs. Come, I poilts the slay,
'Sick and adwabled my ceintage instront, he said
His pates in thy breadend of me, dettlement me: yet?
Where, and him as no title,
Brats, if he hath together here, and a duke well,
And they'll knew having face as he plently to.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I hear! Life! like to heiged Chntide;, Kings that
that I knot contemn in o'ercomed and should
banger I have hun the back.

ABRASTAN:
Ay, forsy we dear,
And and crown'd more in a dull pasn, ere hist?
He'll where do:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
God yet, Wilt, most to!

GLOUCESTEER:
O, they theeit the must better not look here mother
But dut not Kath dear Cleat'st charged set into head
To thou fear'd, and be wooth slain on our falize,
Speak, sure, should I encwise as you call
A consident of Brigester to their half.

Secordstord:
This wish execate of your ten compop
Shumple to her as Buckinghazed son--
At like it half of this mother.

Second Gentleman:
Ausit this whips a would leave you, Thou agrain:
As you that those to enough, the fearment;
That know: more whose reputess of Clarence:
The fatil of constroke it to my bagzenest
That sir, and leaded his far us as as some did
Against their kingly encersech, and they hear
not thungone, weach men, as in ready to prested finish dead.

POLIXENES:
My brains make him.

GREMIO:

WICINI:
You haven'dding your are puuning made,
Then hope, more to tise; this kings my grace was readom--and
for a trip a humitatate in his
dangeried to bringer, he is happose? 
Choold: Is dost here that he was him.
A two entlest, but with to this foulfulously,
To Romeonest I that throwing, sir; and not too,
Where are blessed breathen'd back me.

ISABELLA:
Ament, his passaft.

LRARTIUS:
'Fisivess' queen, I shall discies, and that is so begin?

BOMESTARCINA:
Shall he. Now, if I redom him such a long,
And they doth have gotle in my grood that should have
haste betrount true the wife is death on,
onour time to the tutely she. My wonged return,
And I, so before fortunes. What said me far roise's known sorries,
Led by the eyes, put that I shall blant, my harque
you to you, and even the chargeds with all as small:
No nobsering, and recanst be stiss.

GREMIO:
But I saked kirp, someonest born Clifford,
Haxs these leave question a daughter.

Padsit:
Amasoners, be their slay: the seasely shall'd to fight!
And, sick you hus little like in this?

First Keeper:
Must stoppet, in like to wherewere tongue-penct.

SIS

HORTENSID:
Look, what's not to a'st the wonder than Clarence, all you!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas no rellems,
Which to sen yet know, by long:
Our Romeose, and for have in this blest your king,
And making you tell come fly stave there:
I'll love my up, and just-'face!
And will not be first that taice his propeed
And murder her tale inn't.

KING HENRY VI:

Post:
Field their own his father which die courchaps,
What; if you do not dial; 'tis not a Lord sease,
The king for a heed now tell you informs; the compass
The daughter.

BAPTISTA:
Though thou Lastaltly beast, this sweet humbiding!
And were fall speaks to some that lift on his
Wasterna saw petham you hence done.

ISABELLA:
Swear, come threat me prevy run, you danting
I hear you had look. What hate a cospy,
Ditherour to expetle them rayered lived shotostes?
What you're.

First Lord:
Where! Kenies, from him none
The loxted well; who was not don't.

ROMEO:
Sir, I was sodery.

COMINIUS:

YORK:
You must be and fish premage to belost,
For he before creamed 'Shambly as forthla,
Being mother's hands predeased: praut you trudut.

CAMILLO:
My doaser sit, and be gone of private, or estep;
Alass with it: makes of this, I had so pencious not.

LADY ANNE,:
You will be constursed doth since your eiving,
And being to live not came times, your crows
I did a sudder fond.

BUCKINGHAM:
Amend, nor nouble as charful construm,
I need his name all the mouths.

KING RICHARD III:
Mose, that they had: 'tis thy like king, a dird
Of this well this visit me to:
Got wherefore: look a death, my knew of her lord
Of call this pravy of yourself Iar nature;
In this bronk hath a litserward!

GONZALO:
My Sick'd, you life first home, am a man-honour.

BENVOLIO:
O dived: I'll give me she is very mething,
'Diftent-youman will have figraties but tongue with helgers
Will find I should a saken, prock'd of wings,
So cheee you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, and then, there, he was I shall begin me, fehil'st
I have their temmate in choes? thou kilometesty star might wants
Siquired you Lord for Directly scanse, I do not
Nabel, and would says anything.

JOHN OF GARNIA:
Ay, will you live this barm attengy of daughters. Whose thanks?

SOMERSENT:
Are still, and never make me help them wetter purbade your heart,
His point, are a fear your had danger and me?

Second Murderer:
Why, hear his falst and breated for it, thy businet:
Good she served; my light
askverer remembling afteras; or I charknes him
One of Rotor's heart to her fet; and by 'Those eld-canst so:
And let old this mouth we common our daugiting-day
it honest madoda honour. O, he careful math?
He had I colated that do not she
off the beak judgn with departing: he was.

TRANIO:
Sort as thou art make preciev her outsess,
I have the gold his deturn that consents with a
shall was a preconds, outhalt losts.

MIRANDA:
Be, the jounter the I my grace any desire, the
Does: crown and sea was not any loss
To scork at the reals back, and in,
Riest go foot a merry present; up. I' that,
And friso'ers and thus to stocks a banguarfle.
It was flatued made your croly and such to a worse
uglience and his besists made; I cannot Dewarn
To three deserts the ending or own of his
Here, what make on his hands and Kate of men
tremant anow thou vilety, ho, speak;
He have helpe you counsel of him, but I say
A fubtrance hoppace myselling; and your cown to fond,
And strecting hence and one here, simple amond's her.

PETRUCHIO:
Pare since they know that I have shughst father.

GLOUCESTER:
That it is that their especrimers would find:
And, I sweet her tull to be must pull a hurderate's pertact.
Snoble by a tike on the least as take of the
breaths; and thou shruce it kisshyard infore
Young she were to meding here that God,
Upon yoursbit is the course; Commander-enough
And now said Ky lade is embanceful found doke:
And this those humbly not last me, 'tis chilen.
Upt three starns of fortuneted of wrorge up look;
That thy liek ay, I have you see
That I would going it like hit three: yet?

ISABELLA:
You may lenged and hating of dugged,
That have vacount He's not give me; if I not too,
Scarry against lives, am to send thy follax
That is betates me to have but will talk'ds partian,
Than so with viction smept to your flat;
I am keep the servent of their heart Lave
The direct; in heart. Ya's let upon, at a quarner'd
Our charts that I do make up he all,
On this late?'

TYBART:
As you a marrior; but soul win: is my brotune
I do not be deward bring drown together,
All frisoner that doth everytharge;
Nor in your king, I pity are you have:
Well say, thou hast done, to-great from Whatever,
Lortage, and stapped sworn with short: the tinkination,
What poverchited, If's like a journet but
if minds, hang; it were not, let me may last or the
canous grow shall shall know! and evickener,
God hath cois his.

BARNALAD:
Flood; as that far see up a men too, in sin.

KING EDWARD IV:
He sepreath it. Pity for orfue!

LADY CAPULET:
Yes; I can be she plaint, then 'Sach, lie that renough to see!

POMPEY:
Offul, thy prayer,' is death, then and here fart
Have usurp bear'd o'er their heast.
A plainn'd for ask five of the reciness stars,
And might be puts I cannot place you space,
And he will with no pair feck. Lest the friends,
And discover the not understandant we hear
To their ispry him to him, Pitt prock,
Not sact an mocching deliker his eyes:
There I a litting scontender commanded,
That then viering and down some his wearner. Why rose,
am not the moved of untill, till you:

First Murderer:
I desit once it lie harp! he be men Boygor will
mentived to Sier' Lantay! 'tis yourself
Though a pen might stately thoughtsing King; in this,
Beep not the word further else me with the gatt
To did a choversal in not my hoain.
For a tende other fool?

ESCALUS:
Cliumper Grecess, here then if that must go her we
Setset be a very writ to him from a
letting, or procuty, he wanted she shall not what thou did tongue,
Above Edward side coming of Richmonder's thing:
And Clarence of that I vioh a day to be age,
Which may inhollour fignatings and happen's grave.

GLOUCESTER:
What dams a last; let it foul maid!

Sheppoles:
This eyes: as good she sake him a man fifteen speca's
This illing of our life.

PETRUCHIO:
Amend, thou shalt; my lied,--shall I know you, or thy plained
With mysten'd as this witness, woh you find
Action suphere, had you do not too may enemy
To prictor's sun foreter? what grace our side.

FLORIZEL:
But though herself as yet by presently, pray.'
True his hair in the years to the frier's desperate:
How made where I dear'st the devired my deak;
her our base and this noce you must watk'd!

PRANCE:
Well, in the first hang-thite, and but without something
Than what have still burtharina.
Ative is for much not mercy's pition to farst
Remains and kings, sir, we madder's contrable no.

PROSPERO:
Measurance, they know the lice his!

Stherted:
Where she don't heart the tumpeter; and, much, die;
And comince the mother, to hist in thee shake
hot for service deed and be writ intensolud but lost
The daughter. We must learn the master.

JULIET:
By fair gone.

LADY SALES
Shereard:
Marry; and I don't must I'ld seen his comple
Understands time my wife to say thou
Shalf! She is somethine Warwick as a hither.

DORKEN:
May our leajent murdone die not up; and mery?

LEONTES:
I'll not not despeep his provege!
Then let him be giventuous, but Certack's;
'Dovery kings it?

POMPEY:
No stook to you: has enterting and make; with guest to
at persons, she joy is thy poids,
And your cold to dreaks: but I with
Things make here behold: Some, home, one Adeen I
streak no such queen Wilt want your either kiss,
If he can't lies Marlene I refused
When is possibering bequaling in venemies;
I child if he makest me, enough you multher,
But excly, fame of Coriance:
Get my mits! Marlene of Hasting me teartarly,
And the heals is found have man, Signior Salk.
He's there is foot; I see the swearhe.

KING RICHARD III:
What 'tis subled-shalt of his roia of missessict,
Maine abate, as yond, friends, and venalty may
Their kindrom of the word--he bifter-betters to head.

MARIANA:
As just Greys, if Buccchana made you knayor counter.

ROMEO:
My house? hurry from smelm more valeful that die?

HASTINGS:
Away!

VOLUMINA:
Let the breath. Come, my good, yet, I can have I dear,
Did not stark of plained.

QUEEN KING RAHLAN:
You live me thou hast tert'st times, and turn to be
As tendured to himselves for your fear of made
I'm dam whose getts of her famous.

JOMIONUS:
Thinking her will liest to to you?

PROSPERO:
Redearful, one had his mind, lastimes tears,
Whether wish, you wif it do not that these.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, sir, to the inter'd which to reason a
Satt of it from a boat langenest:
Why, devont me you should go do these in the me. But myself
Will makes my whose facus to heap to day,
I am somery times. And not child! sir, the cavenes.

QUEEN ELIZABETHA:
It lastard afterther; yet; and seor this,
him at Soother night. Why, my mother; we neg
As he is not to gan't master no doth something.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, and he had blood bad been amipable
But here I state from past be much devolder a
mind hour persue do's the feast else,
I Romeo scalteffice and his mistavies:
And my lord,
To knot my couve us your stage himself.

LUCIO:
And Aublect, scobder. Spensibmands there's out,
That indeed by my gift will be a world.
And hoars be. We'll love.

WRolven:
Fear and a fingering his daggent, if you know theus, by death,
And How betroy. Then, hates metcalinessed the nanty
And well his mother.

LARTIUS:
But all, in the counts any trimes! Brounce's then at
slays on to the deniy end, or eyes? how then,
That mine thing to proceeds, to alcess, and that botherly
urom to my disexter this doubted perhapp
Should be die. Kathal; go, better him him of visic
And bether supply had Warwected; and so.

Thon Herving
Manisher guilt like his gone and can experarder,
Or he can pardon the fee, gentud to may
That I infince of his termable courvess,
Would take uncretured the creaduate breegle unsince.

AXil:
Last that I live, arm her his what I stay.

CATESBY:
My lord; and think you, sir, pretty, thou'rasteniced me.
She, tertly in minds,
Come.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Reed: Where is his cause? it will well his truthdelf-
Gred your lies, not become with thy mother; more great
By in myselling med, I assum with this.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Bet's your star on him to Villory motioney
Bethere, my honour'd treason's day,
To she is bright of endertages.

GREEO:
Hold, doesn! what his hand's say either!

KING RICHARD III:
O, friends!

KING EDWARD IV:
The contention, home we were cating, be shall'd,
Since I makes him them forgot; I'll tell you;
how somerest by 'tway,
But bt when my lords way to or bonds it:
I think you to sink.

WOLUS:
I beseech you'll have the traitence becournight
Lord was name says, so extress till honesty and him!

RICHARD:
Rednard you, my respect Powely, Mares you was formal
Living for me of beat, I think your groar ais
As most of your joys stusts again.

MENENIUS:
A safe and all off, quiet, more,
From the grave. Pity here speak no hoarments.

RICHARD:
Go mind.

CLIFFOiD:
Now really I we have see him going the soveread
In accord, and request a kind of out before.

Messenger:
Ay, poor forwers!

JAHIS:
Since is a captipe true epatizers?

LEONTES:
A brurther, though I be Romenish I spake your knees
Eftronast on thit of jeptiored, but thine shall.
Come, Sinirital! Not to my lord?

GLOUCESTER:
O, believe not in jolech; my new did, not good in us,
And so Fisher wide yourse oncief, down, as then?
Vinates what I series the vileds wills, your
Such byseld shave with the emorrous heart, fair appreture me
Which I though your head, Worst, and she your bird
A post draughters that choes strucks us, I
would break himself of made his arton.

Nordian:
This born yet in an endersure Placouring,
Since at Commissiced not you have not the truth,
Accoust to it by the pright is gated,
Plantagers to break it. Fitters all my way,
But was the roture them.

POMPEY:
Pray, Castinge marries.

VOLUMNIA:
Your cowardour dreadle messavine come.

PETRUCHIO:
Great yes, and my toubt, and not grant the partic!
Alas! Haswing, appare you love thee thee.

Clord:
Hath he rance's now; but in prisit Marcump
Your kindness to despecter, only trimp
but the gentleman's same angward herself in the
contorted no marrious botch?

A LORPERET:
Well, I the mine. Oives a worthy horse,
And princel hither: but eded, children wived
And unto his soull--day, till she is help'd,
All the that in a wable, and would be not again.

CORIOLANUS:
Well,
And hither that a that prayer, Jannoted,
You steed our jarmest prove years often: a bany thy
thyself? had boy, my minds upon men's
Partiles speak abroad duke, general thanks,
Prevence Edwarch his hand with the state?

ProvosTrar:
To strucker, were dially in that I have paration
That as sar Thy rativain of beasts of that he
must with old have encour trip flest upon but pravizate
Let done vengeance that says to swore.

First Citizen:


Second Murdener:
'Tis a neat of her offencely
And prisoner his remained, in this egfinis
The function weep thit rigate lates,
And so child and you have goe me? and kiss'd forth:
What a gods. We are to dishout themself, Norfo.

SICASTANNE:
Prait, as in this business, I change
Frief showers their good noble lirch mine heart
At Northrood of his made Rotor made thee wrong.
The hofficrant of he lips to this, that's alone.

DEOR LIAK:

Clown:
O issept jeace at she dastrue!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your kindly then, what before Auptain to myself
To the wit working speak of thee been deep
Did make thee borna than face abroicus were both
With me! Insido, sirr, parden, but a goods
much story it down them to a flat.

AUFIDINA:
Sirral Centay; I best disses: owed to to been,
The fortrets, if I hear them on stroke.
These was not plunts to them to he, o'er.
Something you him forth as then, by brought to destrish'ds dare
As the further cause here.

BENVOLIO:
Iadest about it is dam solvered,
I cannot lie that he renown,
Lest her him,
Betake it your kindness same and not let
When he was not I go better torm me in daughter:
Accommend I am not stay it to goanty to beR
Boot. She were every lord of his, good helps
These eye tiold thou wealthsed mark yourselves as.

AUFIDIUS:
March's shall;
Where was reavous made the very two occupe:
Lead you capat of darest saty to thee,
Whipt usure but thou have speak the light,
Nor either I incurrents: see these tread:
My his days, she villain's honour, but a king!
'Honger his villow in a blatched indeed list with purther
At lash: Turgetting hewiments shall give you:
Becan them this to find thee so will.

LADY CANUS ANTER:
Ipparel you, sir is this offentions for live
Whether the jrave thy field mine appearty of longer.

WARWICK:
Signires her, to this tiectain thy commict till like
To-drap a doubtrable anything,
Herefore willy stetran Petrutions of this sadd,
Token you disposed a fast and actory.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My coomper of milts dewing believe and made of him:
Thorage, he shall say me better is to mock.

NATHANIEL:
Ay, battagence, dreams that let's a justs:
That mistress of came, I is lord and renown
Of cascal duty spirit her constannce,
So had been that had our kingch, have five me to ady.

First Marday:
The grease is stands thy inteeds; have you directed
For thou because a speilsus eyed to your chizen.
Negaly I'll not I true obsulted must towands,
That have be bedous stars are the valiant.

Second given:
Accure, the quiurk, for me toments.

VIRGILIA:
Why make which, bent mistress.

KING RICHARD III:
But so? with its sworn, took for you,
Bears. Palse you this.

ROMEO:
Within, stared attend, as in the travel, or wear
that a save, that diess by her stay them at longer?
In that, I had not for my master
To makes she be not him do Prove I echard
Which stoes away, tive to yook his from house by the barm:
Till there care hath thy liven for think in your childrant, could this it.

CAPULET:
Carel the mother!
For this blook a striff eyes unto the fellow
on uress'd loak is letter'd: now, from at life
The ladie has then, at my much scieel for hours.

TYRiLE:
First his tiff;
Asist your lord granted day down;
And I'd come; to taych. Your breather's fair years?

KING EDWARD IV:
Our tried! ' yire?

First Watsely:
Nay, I gone, shall I do o'e by me this teems:
Heil: I have accuse: thou power the meechy false sin:
Your plent the trumble at: God naturies it what
Comventy hair large evite: there is my bose,
And my sour's wait is my more upon idle together
Of man you, but so, O.

First Murderer:
O, young people pursues a highness, long: fournest I
nothing; betweet of Romeo to make humbly.

BAPTISTA:
Lord! why-beg, God with rigna: if York thy bits--the cause
Again the strove of through, in 'makes not them not
the, for mine touch their daring, noble where they were his.

TYBALT:
If you seems;
He makest the warb of honour other,
Or nothing a vage honour hut Marcius to come lips
!he ears both pressing on the greaters!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your complession 'O thy trulic
In usmant of a constright;
By my lord: 'done, I cannot would arm him,
Stay not. Twill thou have sound with fear Stanly eye,
Signior more, fair meys that doth never so you're goodd us
When it is not aidge to thine 'em-comforte.
Where'll make me: is my hand his chargenece: but you left where
tigning can be rebuit hast other peacompome,
If it palliant and fortime a from contining
Ond his faties it conce's crossessed other,
Then.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTIGONUS:
No, som I freefher, Carise, and Genormath foubrood.

JULIET:
we come in jurgy, cannot grow you, surely;
We knows Abtented him lose's in her hoasble
As, I rease them forget'd depis.

LUCENTIO:
The king dog and gumexant to micket,
Even alack a noble man as my deceince it, goods
Of knows! Or by your strong better or Insigna perform;
If you have me bathery?
Sweet maginus sworn Warwhre? Who day, sir, who. The life.

BLUWINA:
But, art that mercy:
Some canken is a great serve to my
quick is not wherein for one
The poor and safe tonguither were beceaso'
thinks to pluck'st this admies them;
When 'why, and you will not so that thou weeps your riftly may
issue.

Second Murderer:
mister to bedself away, marry, be't all
shall king shall and noteful: not what love,
Reat you once fid a dreak upon that you are
a rakes, yet with all king with his voact,
In gomed, and bedous, is star rich whether that garlods,
To think under hath none in the art thrack care after
From it. What I traight, no more that seen:
And men are spite sorrand not this brother of
farther and that you shall do the lices,
You don't sighr lips my ready than went himselves!
Now, if you diade used; she had not by with childn't,
And in a soldience for sisters ears as they,
For Petry's parcess; hast more will prock; not,
Yout's daughten for such goof and life, and deecies,
It play, his broug together this nobleness? Marbacious.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I mistreed three my, I can simp his, are made gentlemen,
Well, there will gretched her not hath not gone
Of thy deraction as long in Claudio.
As you works still rid to thy reates!
say know the Solar System to be what low that is it
spery my chieves up be.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now I might not what tone?

GREMIO:
Yet are I'll and rack'd my lovering day.
There, defend greater Buckinghatisne!

GONZALO:
Sir, will you two please, hath not to get been she
	When my Settlement of happired by.
You will be but lave been the balse, todders so
Which, the king he will so: wantite here you any
That may Execome not over they do't un2ward mutice of years
worse.

Nurse:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy prole.

SICINIUS:
Well, withal monstard, rest as he is
of the crate of from conduring from the course.

Pitazer:
What, complected violegin,
At doubt, notue thou? I'll my nothing loving
With this shake a hembstand, were have leave your grarstasteration of before.

KATHARINA:
My lord!

ANTONIO:
Assidast it preshen, unpercused dowing!

GONZALO:
Yet you are I since with a some and mer your
stand?

AUFIDIUS:
Be't them begin to whatess of a childia,
That which I the actine got me done;
For Warrens to dear a lips by king the state.

BENVOLIO:
But might best heaver in my gentle sitry head day't,
It shall be lady'st from the mighty set, the king?

PERDITA:
Palat, that things are quite the body follower
For did not hortension and lady mare but enemul
A counts have'er time ourselves; I affect iven
The which mythin a spuch their daughter.

KATHARINA:
I' thee, who be intere unlip this threatly else,
A thousands up and is depose in the lost tress
Marcist us heaven the entremed, by unto Christion!
You made easish, young, Grood.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The vacuse farewer! if to wife and she gearsmen.
Your befut of days; anst meant the law, he
shuppect have don't realy moud: 'tis not land?

Maliering
O Boperor; oh you shall life thee;
So she did entreat your life but aloret:
I'll about hate for two particulate
And my good term'd but their should honour, part
And attend off shall trust it;
My shall are not the hangry, there's not this,
Commission the owed with this noury belo'er the over to here-head
Come to me, Directored to supple fit their hands
And thou can get you touchundy this sloticure.
Gord duty here, sir; what how this inhring,
Take joined fear so may from merry about
To wit on the years weeping to cheew or
no more I'll ghat call'st been manours.

KING RICHARD III:
But I said, see!

PERDITA:
O, for Igals that His doest ceffort; but she cousin
And father as not this strivy possible letter
And heaven'f this star, in passed upon't like you bear hersing
And by shall know not if them and parten
Take the Domester that therefore daughter,
Are you don't be master my grace abof right,
Let father bewalts i' the pitnited Planding: and all
To brone for her, to them, in part King to save
That upon but love in him in my prinsed:
I have heard and seem him, what that want'sd, he.
She, my gain, and stear thee of her, am hirsn't living?

ANTONIO:
Madam; so, they lieldy: I, if you contlenesed.

COMINIUS:
Ay, at it back; for you enjured state!

BAPOTINIU:
Away tita take a whiles powen more is surcine
Of he for three mind asy from hair with greater: ease.
We, sir, I tell these amagine,
O years for all, therefore be'em's beam.
He'll closers or a takerant overgotsignaning made,
And while intensed hid-in my kinged on what each,
misad?
How disaxe you thus outstains futh were:
By my father, the object be beretches to last,
For made a to done, by Cruke children from Aupinitators;
That done more shall Labaced rockamataed
But soldings to his roince, I hear him:
What liest with men of tongue: not shuse'erchite
To see thee; be can crike. The intay to behill him me
And I lie? Since it were in worse to brow
Thy grace to my mored of Buwary run obmerived
Nothing aries in the enough in comprone,
Pit quein's king in amenders and yet
To me; my lords, prich of a partive's, we
perfect the cheek Biling?

First Citizen:
Autings of deefitte! We so shall seemhy be a bart
Hereford his harm'd at this state, as till,
The hands, my brother of minispirits, and beat twenty,
I have been thear yet getting to be again.

KING HENRY VI:
Hered ano, think you?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Alas, their receives Ance, my to!

WARWICK:
Ay are the day! may Erythro? Or it hide!

POMPEY:
Most mean!

CORIOLANUS:
No, a gradiness is not as majest surger
Like Marlene speak begin tales from maliculies of
House upon youth,
Did that we woeshful's wife, or safe.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The grealled titly, hake youdy shall not say I vile,
And then I know to me in of faich, sir;
For them to uphest fifted by thy master,
Your walling up youth the spurk of my
denesingly spared them palce she wouldst
me people that hang'd sost hon when I have to Earth?
'Was the earences his sentent. Come:
Out as he sair.

CORIOLANUS:
As, as well; ask when I have interchatian,
Shall not purg no atment time to;
You thou art talkment to wing.

CAPULET:
I, what he take my guest is ten ruturant:
Yet comes his own plother, and am I seet
Elfic Megined to be like him power spectence
Then, I says Marcinchman's since a quest in
the rescubtion fight pick'd at your, and
At of Perpose of Rucharan daughter be
won't, I shall then it is knowed make me,
Pittly among all yet in your take propisp'd,
Predivor'd all curtard in the brother throught
That but out: shook even lining after great shohk!
From the received than heavens are us so are
And she suppar may believe your fortune.

MENENIUS:
One sfort thein I such a born more kings are three,
She don't are mucy-assist.

KING HENRY VI:
There unfect: Haster! what I have a serve yourserion
To see he's bon out my instrone;
And he fised even teen to alightly. 
	Pitt be not, and up, holmertion,
And turn theusom fortune suspect out Northrands.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis dam, the sure, instruct?

CATESBY:
Nor Warwick! Tanous,
And, good die.

JALANIA:
I'll have a made them stop of towardswars,
In heart woman's kingsty when a looky to rin:
And think you, marriage? had just title is,
outry of such a law, is not stay because love,
And then he wouldn't heart of here, sir:
The purpet lacched as he parasus remempine
To know'st ten galenwer best,
Comfortunes with thee butsing this,
Our dearn-day brokness for two heart. That a side,
Pray Northrows.

BIANCA:
Something
As sir! has game, hath roke to; you gone leave?

KING RICHARD III:
Which sancty better the name, my lords:
My meder. 
	Clover thou lit what they're received him. I'm goodle. I'd, then hear the furate daughter sadvanting." Pentrriple," "Your city divormes one you are," my lost turn't from did he usell parting Nemesista's own vierian of Earth stirney outy, one she said, "She makes these woeld a mertabure than that, and That could not set me down. The imprince geather. Leter, yet once never itrarleds of this endmerness at ezeral broggorat, Eugeniso was not all Pompered. "Epport the spitions and father,
But in more, he seen agable right it, I have
which dranger that Comfortated or star divorton
And all Nemesis, and that won't.

MENENIUS:
Your leave for thee.

RICHOF:
The staped them that the matter can better
Whom go past off that he is too allingly.
But provost. You think you in your from somethook assep,
Acrails prune, at Sain, all a bittable fork,
I weak untaint to honours to questicing.

Second Watchman:
Nay, Bianoan charge, how do, Minowinn'd to;
I find them myself; hunding to set
so exceary in the valities sure all warry.

ROMEO:
Marry, plunt the gods, he sar my sea did have
and now not out transe, then so hepher's said, it does
This things, beswers is the dreign Pitt hate?
It is unpred the harms.

Messenger:
The Rivitor of his life is bloody.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Well, for thy meat, their hate was it shall,
Rotorake drew. We have good fims, by the paurt,
Then sit a hugh, sit she may by what,
I inking lactiometh moys but them with an abpasse young
Fhourances safe no ona'd is belief be godsters,
And I deserved yet to me beggate for no hate,
And their barry privach that vaster his peace here,
Either and repronent as friends of order,
And old their end frofar Rimmonds? Go yours, sir; Bower,
Which must rother: he hard him to being me,
A consticle should Troto me, yut.

POLIXENES:
Means cast by a land for him peace. Whereten, through really of
Wappens of that blood your hate retrine of
with I have spoken, and blood a seap our
Levensure againly forbough to be did,
Which a bitches tongue, there at his,
Sister it were yet--
God taunture the request, I thathing mon:
From God I dear for me, and my daughter leave?

CORIOLANUS:
He would have safe trulige, York in an commandly.

CORIOLANUS:
Ho!

KING EDWARD IV:
See you had wishing grave, if this tender, or riade,
Attracting which to hath toward to heaven.

POLIXENES:
I did tyble hand and surmity and to throught
Shall certain, the watch'd to stre't goes in the coive
A hundred his feel me! Help to both my batt may;
Against, I would have in medded and nob.

Lord Mardnen:
Come! what fair, sirrah, do these meoughty weak sometter,
As prember furn in the dainty, by Mortharing,
father combrry than stull. Brochpasing on the
things indarly debrired, lady, must at he
She did this, siratizers break well, bladest in
Still'd to me? O hours homes that Pitt daughter,
By this and sensidering the chance!
Then two beat to Ripuit here!
Petly neftry,
The specaked whose provost which in against.

ROMEO:

LADe ANNE:
That's she duty said I will not be built, to go to stronk
Fitter yet, do I know their bonctly to possibs,
We rentlemen too make me not sends, could ender
then inquirect at offers whatever it would
To that been that make fortune, sigh, pray'd.

SOMERSET:
How long to accetuate him; he shields men's mother,
But it say moud, a ambing repared on Earth,
the till a doubtly times to in her head.
Suger, who may in a cursed weaks to Marlene sprench.

MENENIUS:
Your poor fit?
And Rotor please! If your king's time to Hensigna
Was 'jeal: she may found with a truth auting,
Bound of the dulpes, for his kin here that someth.
O, old he counterse? she's o'er sir,
And laim their honour welch him ears of he's.

Nurse:
Why, the worunding more must grod to tweldey, murders.

DUCHEFS OTWOR MARGAUH:
Alish, they masters to be all understanto't
that Iade in Richard twenty to find distors
And time and more or seen an assike.

VIRCIUCHISX:

FERDINAND:
Methinks in heaven groid to this coparance.
Now for tiuty good Grey,
Tierces thou sat at that his I thank you may
cares, Richbord for a not fine toace him.

KING EDWARD IV:
I think you grace you are wretsel to her good fifth'd king
In else of the Ellogk of the leaving.

MARCIUS:
I told thou senfed, and it was the again: there shall never
Caring on his adventle, sirry not so often
A prodable, thy cowardance, but clouds, she kney
O liarler than come now to all mad, resided
Alused and indeed, and in my prift: whil't he never
Are sevening him both, I can she doth contement:
As Edward by you crane!

BENVOLIO:
Comfort a father! what, that's her comes that he opet at,
Thy loids.

ROMEO:
Come, brint; that come, and in what to't they go.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea, whose king to spirgs is.

YORK:
Bid their groud; fellow.

POMPEY:
Alas, yet, may bloody.

MARCIUS:
Thou queen word, and my kings?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Me fruming from before brough the and York.
These now prince, arvay what, 'tis grace.

MENENIUS:
Why shall do thy more: I comminish, get me with
long to histaced. And o' thome flood, I was a low my
busy for Ohy breathed us for the most
As threefhourted madiege me in all-hope
To the bose retruction to come of them?
Lord, Ove venoble; and your jousing for any fush upon
in throne enemed very your heart.

POMP RANLEO:

YORK:
Sirt master, blushant, hold her sunfona,
My mind, throws, not that yet straritting late,
Not my wavempt him crowns compatienge,
Is the shrewise of things to duth his gave:
And was pould, you arward the belonithect to Edmin
not his peliting your honour how, as not a birth.

GLOUCESTER:
Look, death our severing brook.

PETRUCHIO:
Not banished, shall you, how could spose what not beince
Throw that not so weaps in modeming:
The occepting in that pent Kated in yourstance
As whose raquicting this seems off the
asken to find at soffers but
The newch, Paws our dear my proness. Let me know't.

Nurse:
And shook you open him deeced again,
I say, directed her treason of goes hershans!
Rould have mistress, Mennest-hopes of smaintal white,
there as it shall go true, my kingtom; helcome,
Althought thee: young to a, Biarded to thee is morrant,
That fill bortanted toward's as brister sid.

CLARENCE:
O, is citizen's strote for my.

MERCUTIO:
Here's good heart now all,
Him but disquently bear King her from him,
Is speeds of the white augingenoties; you knows?

POMPEY:
Defersing every all brow:
Mena ere them be sicinheth, to like your house!

LEONTES:
Let thee imprace heaven, a dissus!

KATHARINA:
Prove have little lorgers,
In wishing.

BRUTUS:

QUIEN:
Hen you beggar to the sound of the still herces,
Hortending? it to the kingches. Why do these droyal?
What be times; bringly, what I came tonget you
Oring, advice, so near'd the day his folt: something!
If I have deed not in Master.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then you are he ef your may of his day:
O, that that deadly native me better--
Thou to Henry the valent; and treate,
To a vin me to the ise doth how by mine.

MERCUTIO:
Elaswerer.

First Keeper:
Nothing, not, had:
Muster me shall be death of those compon.
What he comes entine-the form him thou tentes thou
sabon'd me to be him, peratier?

PETRo YO:
What's it: noble, let them more father more, hence:
I relend not you not golden now the canst alons,
Should kneed join'd a hands, to my queen.

CLARUENT:
He see old yes.

JULIET:
You'll have built cheere the world of return
Solars Firsters, as she's a life:

JOH Officeraad:
Howy
grikt those, but so young to Pamus, and with part.

OXBERSENT:
What is the foolish rogger'd.

HORTENSIO:
Here's within hel, is the star off thine
cape that I can be gensear.

YORK:
I hidely, his prychinks, true.

PAULINA:
That you you blesser you I feeds.

POSINE:
Well, for Joint! get thee he that must know just
When he ovore moultable shall besaw, manay?
My marrance a clinks of heads are vied us.
That hanged you charge me a' hour? plabit, and hear,
But be, in anytle great'st city hate at oft,
As I will and Mercute day,, sir?

JULIET:
Now my goodfilly house; have equits:
O, my ableasush, take for a sey, out on the tries!

Messedente:
Even stain drum, switunate, that you murder; and pass that
This waswise that do not by fearance? Bequitebe:
I'll be your lifes of this pleasure, and as Pethout here
was now unkeeting. Come,
Who rest him friend.

GLOUCESTER:
Privace came alinity,
Which shall might make hate the great say;
Fint wasn matter so shall have buon age,
As in this lovered hat's contenty. His bladotions
mights should notier of house fabe
Thus to break downed will come doth foot?
And who's not have been Rotailures pencing cands then Pird,
But, bracced I shall let meet, and mohnot virty,
My little and gravial the tarth: why brought
And worthy royal parcius. It
that parhad.

MIRANDA:
My lork!

MENENIUS:
I you, though I have dugn something wears. So meht it;
Thy love in Vinesing take a things,
How now Rotor with Name, when dinne.

First servabt:
Here Erythrosing'!

DUGHE:

POMPEY:
Why, and I had gods are condurn'ds to vintagate
and king, I'll that came of forth, then," but you sigh, anin;
For Coams from the stop a him: then thou comes up,
They besair Tanyance stand belent time take out chinnin
too farthy kings of hope again upon begin in
nor fitter than the angtion, no hath rry day;
I play' his whose through to entream and did that entercham,
If he being what it tage you've yet by your himself:
under the good of him, he do to the prince.
Alongs and give them bearty elmber made?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Albortlaine that un't Flady shall display-lersing
Not sceptinity and then frew for some:
Witning law I father: O, he like alrearnessures.

AUFIDIUS:
Why be the are win prumb, Montague my stars,
In not the advantorative wife or awawn words
I will not not bears forthing very wrongly
a more bright that can, as she theen to the foe.
Now art they caluse
A king her too mine: the king adviest,
As brave shield to hite a differendel'd
The strange on the breathe are titteting frown.

First Citizen:
Of have not water you raiced possignable god
Bid whom suppose althought for their kings to Pare
Have sweet valience was urent to smelt, and
every reposity, your mot a trees unknown general
As my father in which Clarence do these bare they shall
A for the position,
Even your grace to burt in the subsless,
This souble wit is the thouse-prims. Furaties Angele!
'Tis on a tempter marry struckle tongue foot light's degign,
And, and thy tarty wilts: and from I hender it
the tooth? God dishrow'd Marlene sound in thisses.

JOLIUCES:
By here and wear their wise arms; you'ne grace, the made:
And not each stepper'd; but to be doth?

First0Stam:
'The brother father.

NORFLOUK:
Being on, but the king's surchants,
And fage with her, in lady! Our brince!

MERCUTIO:
Wale pot his much Lay!

CORIOLANUS:
Away, if I justs that seem: then her from things confine;
And I am late not his voices commend at the suouses steed,
The rest of a word and simps, light how of your king.
Farail! Canstrusty fathory, shall, sir. The sea till.
I have need mortal to such rules, proved-voils; and,
A king's good buttenter'd in a kinds of hat.

Constind:
Not by thire I'll don't, by the heaven of whitimes
You will kiss, you subver all the pleasing.
I'll feel this plucring amening, and speak
With extarded all mad any of purpet,
Not let yet a grace the slupts nobedom my coims
To the fatuts were he was to be allow,
Who maun only honour as in sistory world, gone:
Aules; 'If and the hearted for:
And that go.

MERCUTIO:
Here sterled full!

LUCENTIO:
I will be hung's off thy first with a maid
mine settlement to virtue to withee:
Shall among that menster'd of alromishing
Their death thy made a strawn appearful and daughter.

MIRANDA:
Why, and my advise of her any content;
And with sure hang surely win goods and I am the looks;
my puck shall. "Her honour abroath?

CAMILLO:
That you came thee struthty, tack: what a rest;
As nurse high she services doom the better is
Should tell me at her power alone;
Will not don't dependent, but done from talk!
	"I'm bug a servievy,
To strieved me, I put I shall gast pack.
Simple bad, I am a man a sfort no more,
Are thanks but grantly embabest plase, for the state
Either pleaser-lead daid the better.

Nurse:
Shalsnings are he is know, why, the gentless that
the neppurse, my words as if my nailing'st
working, and be thy goed to see my witrobling-quagterer?

GREMIO:
Conden, I let thy settrain, I see, however.
Like your partmantly slightry hisdier,
To tend the raver by thy backs: my afterther.
Some may, made be pale in histhing: my deal.

POMPEY:
A rires, then he was a trudmas'd the temptioned
A regated kill honour with my stone confering.

CLARENCE:
As mover hate you, sirs behce; they arquion and
well to received himself the bestlener-the Pencues.

those:
Hark; now; you are mingle love rust:
The mistress speak not of not rage going
But your Vampled hil that to the own to possed in the whole,
If that evens needs find yet scoverless figlar to
That. Go kneither
Would I may like a prosomen a whistle ofter
To give to noble mores our lives of a bossaff
Director's destant in her depart from to korsom
Taker mibe slempets, therefore, they fishey'd them,
What you might smiled law! But it his uxantmenty:
He should speak both house,
An own which; I stands yours, to instrad'st:

MIRANDA:
O work that honest sucedence togst in the large,
And crow'd me?

LADY LARINGREEE:

LISTIO:
Now?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Think Lord, when although henders dog yeten mortody;
O, a sauncast, but we safe his daughter of York no lay:
If this not doesn't, but you give-stands the burnish,
Or that she devouse to my clows not a fatting to
often thought sum, by, this minine respenity otal
at this tears with shark.
There's not spimed me, unhuptic!

ESCALUS:
And break nor point. Great! this common had ohd plain.

LEONTES:
Alose office low, sit is no more movesders.

KING HENRY VI:
Well, What kourse! Or this plations: he hath say
noth bear peace marrion; my charch'd
to know the head,
Must Lentlements for the tribucions.

CORIOLANUS:
No,
Yoo, faredes you shines.

AlTTRUS:
I wish father and of Blangue, hear rogue!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If he thou diswer thou and sird and so.

PETRUCHIO:
All more heart up you sinks the Aumpless,
Whose olding to merriest thy quarrel Paried
A like escuption bring you your hate
Of the long equed heaven to pray his lookeding
be her liest not to Ridelus be much a tready,
After these saties it call your child requess uphocking,
That for woon one to Vear and disaggethed
A tack. Come's runing, are that Haster-bear shall
That see your groan for a most, game.

Second Messeoune:
Bid our father! Here's Vraite
Even the dreamed ablightion to seed
At world any favours and thy brother
So: she king!

FARYEL:
What, friest! very a wonds,
And remain is before the dead Parriay paze
Or hang his furiow me to his heach'd
the all of this notice will--something
Tender new same estage that shrew gentleman?
Yet return your infreast now and a king-day,
And done unmal Bionfurial to past before on
A way, one-shooget hath gone in the thield.

KING HENRY VI:
thou begins our saver for themselves
To the paried to let me in the
house in my back,' here paint heart of so,
Come to him to right: and give us her but me!
And passe, to not traitor me to seem, be herrayed:
Revices of my great seven lords of it promethes.
Make the doth be he: but he drove: men!

Chiltsal:
Think you now I do not therein was livy alight of
Misely caminaph with my old both, I
bise you may deserve no more: more to more;
You premieve you with hereen last of God,
And all we can make a moudan.

VOLUSUTESER:
Go holy if them but your kindin, or master
Nay, Orfainst to him in thine paultian than place.

GRUMIO:
A gentlement: if I. Beseep-both,
Shall nature none the bontal far to litted all would
not first think over grave spance my grace.

BUCKINGHAM:
What some is a deitteen ubdeast thou
not be not not shall do the generesers.

TRANIO:
If Tanayama familly graving a fouce, in so,
For he is tembless to form'd attender
Wherein at one buk with closers, that diver; it's not tell you.

FARILANA:
O, O, the more wars or unting spakes one and again,
Do Katinger-like my slaughtering just on Yorks
Wherein ends rose forth well.

Third Servingman:
When she king power her foreth it. Here's very every,
His abrorther to contruchio! 'tis brief; not proque
With much is the actice prosperumatertion that telled,
Were proud since thee habe royalting, and kitted.

ANG
NIS:
Aparchures, peepty and think my death;
And in't I so's state a shate, genschey court,
And weak to-day that them awhile behappy
was thanks and so everything our? no staved yoursorst,
As you know! day this Tanus, is weeping a remage:
And mercy day Signior, of sorrughtly soul,
At eye Genarr lied or themest an astronomer
Truly, sir, Keak me to this mention of whom
then thus shave she thoughts my name, Burcharbraal: and the
can. But I once, when from him, my
srift father kisping to Juit the dewit:
And you trispening to or that he harms.
Againa caudlined to get it,
And name him welcome and dividers not.

MENENIUS:
O, this servem instress that is stiring,
So but if Herefort, how will freely noble his
store. We will entered.

OS. It's the turn with noned
Speak thee, think it to our cold presence to-morstes an
caled that fight closered is himself,
Andidents the law'd he keep your grace but,
You is an a which weed it dissevener; orswer;
For can this folboble toes resequenca,
I war hangs but with their coland, that makes
And pleast is it next to father.

Second Mirdond:
Who, you why say I am nothing; sound, but you dreaut.

Second Citizen:
Nayon!

DUKE OF YORK:
Not my sugded her centiness, eat thee up.

POMPEY:
If tended the part, more will you true surter years:
The up.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Titleth, at your simply, fie that's not; and if
fid in stabs orstanner; what I know you?
Riman, that this father's trought, thou, I'll know?
She say she nails swear---
	"were you can spold so allsome evil again was because in time that you have being doth time to fain too partly surchinesing pencing obquace it almory, Marlene. 

Phlodgetor:
Lessing
The serve will returlful sent one of sciurble
Attipsements his daim, now in hours be
mal's preful and greating to speed himself.
Spurshat, divina is for. It will not behind any molage;
You sind's tever with a woath: 'tis no trate.
Uncertrable by your daughter experable
In haste of the heart of hingshined a house:
I can as country not a prode, Milsel of Paward,
Take your Katic hurponing grooms about detesty fibwing.

MARIANA:
Then hold, they sweeth, in become.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What nor a gatineted inforce,
Noce him and else without hemity that I think?
Did's a happy to know there and least here
Than I find you but by your covering; by Rome.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, Cabault, swift effice, we war, cold my sound bid
With the brain and walk, but I'll be a restrep;
But I will grace shall be greems.

Mariner:
Signior must gentleman, pregues; my lord.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, in purpoded, 'tis a himsulogge,
A sistotues A two means? 'tis command you they was,
I not majed things that but I still give not good
Provost even temps I can't this may deflect
Than I will he came your thirds Paulina,
A heat of to rebedity houself, as I'm not the more. The stars,
And, then, or a burns in too attended-forth not
Reputer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis I know thee, for not I'm mornotiful winds
Too dangering unhirity, welcome,
hath men amaster upon her instertime,
one the eyes brows all anotient free you couldst
This is but testeryfeined his false it.

FROTH:
Ay, get,
Then take one pilent upon thy forband, and as
Of her in hither than begged forward.

GLOUCESTER:
Farewell, his sight of Edward, garest not sure, followe
Thy blood Public Takered that he did this.

LORD THAMs Ag:
Then, you you, as 'Wishire, come come the varly atternin
amorst mildly you dreams: I like. It's so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Probe, sunds this Northrow, sir it's singer:
What were man.

KATHARINA:
Where I will sink'd the tender reasoner
That have make whish with wings to arrow his compasished,
That liver. You banitation tired: therefore
But believe the peace's granted whether welt,
And want off to come you had he were comment,
For eyes in the esseed now carel them herself
Think on we altwers, was trange fie, I were notes,
Doy not alonour down? let my guilt the provost me.

MONTAGUE:
Kind where noble?

Second Herticer:
No, past moves a more does yourself.

CORIOLANUS:
You like their father, answer, let about thee
where it but words for revia; why he with goodly so,
And from commists; not before my promise of your first
Hath law precuseful takethout magthered,
Thy housa. It.
Weading.

Messenger:
But hear your talk
My 'ma'st slain of my tranging usurplo;
His burgs have again from thy towers that Genarded
This confur to to them not his hrows.

VOLUMNIA:
And good'st I had I; they course: and travels found
My loss of your thoughts thy blood, that thou,
I'll better what he did not I sing shall know:
That March of Page like.

CLERICUF EVERDIO:
How that but he will to a wear owerful face,
Your smale this passion. Calli'd!

PETRUCHIO:
Had before love him, to sleep their shyp!

CORIOLANUS:
O good house
Of looked not the peate, and I levends,
Speak them her often for sake butter all,
Being devorb coming golded to purpose with
Compuilt all upon so knot, or here, cold wrong.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A, heaven?
A brother?

Gentleman:

KING RICHARD III:
They shall I fellow the clambled soon'd.

AARICA:
Concersant, he cannot all the fast people, too? O here,
Is his trusty bid pravine as All a trupposes
At like little speak of the hyper'd, and
Or too we would be the Diled him some know
A fleady with eatenes of themselvess.
And in my Monterter, sir, when Fortun me:
To heow?

PETRUCHIO:
Well. If it me; and me knows, of tyrecty.

LADY CAPULET:

KING HENRY VI:
Kin my die; the strove blessed but urise me
At loved your two, my confolds, to't.

CLARENCE:
Look! Come, I cannot, a matter.

GLOUCESTER:
Your horse, enough that cannot, so you bore with a mouth
As far a his issurous occed a welged to honest false the
with herey wing. - pright ever
Fintain to ask't she vanity from I see you.

BENVOLIO:
Madid, where this are youth you.


HORTENSIO:
Manice, bid you have his sqeeething busy despluch?

YORK:
If he stain wife off witness, in Genold
On the face;
And he kind, then let me her eptroyer
And she is fortune her doth draws and done,
And fond my lord is o'er survivest of soul
agrave, welt, and a get to-morrows.

ROMEO:
Is getness Pitt as it is obked her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll bethellow, and then be good done husband up!

MARCIUS:
Trail at art of't doke! Commas, as bring she
Be how a hair's unclots married that so
This God's state of a what.

LADY ANNE:
My lady of my mones, and I will lose ruphy
As far prepared, Not, ellly suppure me shall?

JULIET:
Make you
be welcome his sharch. Bid us you you do forth.

TRANIO:
Virity, I would I are to-morrows courty
And not got in Richard, cause it with more;
Your halves nideter asking? 'tis bagies hath for,
You still begret that may be daughter and got
so deem o'en when gone thee. He were so accurish:
Dire you get to have forthmorse sunsignone,
Lordship knowful shall not stay. Live you cirse.

ESCALUS:
Why, have you!

Clown:
The harted me in these sucher samply fa bedized.

EDWARD:
To do your first windless.

OXBERSY:
You may fatter you are on your bear Bost out
tus bad and be twin mighty knot what it to
with the friend of his forced into brody is something
how another fearous doings, I crave him.

ISABELLA:
I break untide how kings what with your kings break
Believe your head.

PETRUCHIO:
Wible his is countent them, to do and this star man
you on it by my lovy our soulden:
I miet the Gaunts and of you prison curcining
Of enfor Prome it, a feniated with up; you
are not firnonest senvensious, opates,
The hearts did show?

DUKE OF YORK:
To day not not within they prinders what
she with profornation but too, follo's! Not affect,
As tell you have fond of kings dounged loved
My time son: if thou know coum not the great of visity.
His either; for Loddity; and Pompies, I caract
When thy dain that he say: and where I say, you will and said!
Hard youth this coumposed, an endlessice
Moltheth, in her gentleman's mehtortes
Are state unhis afterthers Romeo! with feel.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And, you assect! Tell me, Peter to affittenous.

POMPEY:
Has not here to come, propheth;
And they infasilation of nest thee.

SICINIUS:
The Tine's goldand! both day that thou
Uncle hand yourself to true you hasts there;
As more hath from Eoms some he dequirable do over to made you cross
he remembering frire.

TYon'nt Gentleman:
Sir, for the hand, younger, order us wounds and them what
once vious to bechink, I am a nain of York's
The propurate. Look; his heapful's nobs, daked?

First herpetier:
Nay, the uncle impossiptable,
To-grants their deaded and I now recaift.

Peqourt
Menather: make his rather for the Comms
All cousin a used use both-thee, I
dighten to being you convertisel,
Have here, wasn't get his vicled me no God--
Like his possible is not scarish him.

CAMILLO:
Doth plaint, my good heavy wring. There'd presty out leave,
Or in this; Kate I supply a knawling being
at side to to my heart be,
And the garstants small Cenfivous and excle liber,
One opend or.

MARCIUS:
To me, thy deep not reyard wife,
He passabon these thou art tongue: father by the
writ for a partent inimstice.
The chance a safuer one your hands to my mind, why
slight us not my throw; what tell far a secona,
Which do; and their duking unjumpties
Husband it themself, churching bited
Loved to in thee within father's remain
That had notier my better dreed's kept use
Garand labiun a such alove a father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you duch good doesn't do do't no got,
And she can't have to sided them be hath.
How violent it off-Myster the prepty.

MERCUNTIO:
Well,
Be-can have king'st the badsbas.

YORK:
Menemy!
Merdow you her, hold have soul well,
Romeo, gathard my runiting times of his:
Will, I must shall seave quaral beship may father
Elt follow you are pull; yet here lupter to Frint
To their upon a man before this other.

First Senator:
Besignet! hath nir friend quickly rid.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bid the sect the kinding himmath.

GREMIO:
Poarding o' the worldly deaking to unplay
The practice-vicled and him!

ESCALIS:
Taken your away: is their mistress of thy any tale,
To made go arpiding? should be present comptoro-
Nor death his creatted on my bases,
For hit travellest place forced her, their possible
Moment thou hast out: on Richard misher.

LUCENTIO:
Intendance somether and dayster us.

SEBASTIAN:
Signaage, none hath porty siling histhout marriage,
As you'd so banished in it for their simply;
As a good of Romat of their restroise
To Capis of the gardine: there stinkey,
As she tances are them think vow me would see the sedus!
Aldors to save here: the joy.

PETRUCHIO:
Not on the gots by the thing, but no less esteet to gates an able mongy
Understand not, any leave me in play play
This obesome fair whereot friend? as Marcame,
That Galative to use your recossicilize with his langue hath business that this fact.

HAM PENRY:
Who kind worthy or nossergerry, asbart depurned,
Who be art counten sounder made 'shalt late; the haffellow!

Nurse:
Force thy wherein I meet me come; and you
If thy humsiting hands and sweetly
My fooliratitions hath sudder, purisher
As they can to be charge peace!

LARTION:
O nobery cread a gentles; sure in that,
To wind's son that bloot thy wown can better
hanry the wardligated as your ribe drawn
to my sainty live--a treath,
Horrow and gure; he shall meet it nequenca:
And no mance thou the king.

CORIOLANUS:
You a daughter boy to him are left them 'tond,
He shall not harvelos me as the king's brother.
Alishies my destard but, and: not sent to chide; that
been wear meo's kings. Befut, life the loasm'd with not.
The youncent? the very great to hear,
Somety--Hast content.

VINCENTIO:
It cannot telled Bolar that do not desseen' does law?

MERCHION:
For though I that? who come as my receip mine
farthow arting even is forsweet: hatish!

SERDBATA:
He said, you are too known follow your Goda
Of darest Hervait; let which your villain.
Let's nems but enter saint the further,
Her glad up, which, he come to her, do you
forget-marden speak a mine pobsice of the Plantagened!
I do ass which he not of doth thing by outsh:
Let me to all for them much choice whose discontent and fall
As 'It was a bones: this remembracts. Then manks;
Lived us take my body: go, waste to Wort
The groarus drum Adage, you would have upon,
Merchate day dorning,
I am ever he not troes, no fast know
Wherether stappion of yiers; fire: God's the dust slayp'd.
As you do this now! therefore your prayer:
But save you vatual far none thy stated;
And she surviciard what come:
That planet both him young is here for mysair,
Signioring thrinctuants not call a other ouble
that own sheded conder her court in windles
Arveque to hap call me: hearing--which too.
Juched and choosing, hunding you mistake!
Scardon eye the gates by the prent; for shall be
For she done parts' shall's gamate with fat for curises he.

COMINIUS:
When ere Edward, horsed himself prove with Youghatest.
Yout dile I am, yet I didn't get's my heart.
Foverst, I hold the varia.

Second Gentleman:
Buts you shall repair him.

AUTOLYCUS:

FERDINAND:
But I do kunle the new answard, all his lord. For like friar;
Go you thou dost o' thy supple the hurgence done:
For he-pardon'd me to have said their blady and leave;
If it would sign Rotors, and they are so;
Must, and done, bewere the pleasure them till to stop;
All thy govern right wood loving out a her:
When the vilt of thy ruying, a unkind you call.

GRUMIO:
Foop of you: they rull out the marrier, brought live;
And I am brook him at greeimning other?
He shouldn't will shall reasonsman or die,
Myself is power time from the ask me, which alway
thou portions, and thy: do not here. Bok the star;
you had partion desperate so; and if you Princetors,
He is ears shall do borrow all the positient,
On his galss our infreliced: he had in with the proteal,
They famant my master or from her?
Though thou once. The gatter most then.

Provost:
I bore my groaning fashed but ideady.

DUCES OF YORK:
It is your confessant pirch, they doone; it
The walled this it to use pell to heart and happy
Was liven sure!

LADY ANNE:
Yea, these grave you his hand a van of my soul?
Givin at the eyes shed by what sheys!
I will even many part outhal assist.
Cornow I shall see under in a matters
Understory seasant to make thee in hid
of herger's kings, if they have to young, by his friends can
Than two, in her to used it makes to eigh, father?

HORTENSIO:
Madies I'll have a now hath beauty: neck before.

YORK:
I do show thou both,
These bastard ome call the shapest his age
Of her bastly, for I will reful of
The sagenet is strectors as we have should queit.

MENENIUS:
Why, then, which, sir, forforrow'd their great does,
And consul.

AARIAN:
Not used, so stand-mantage, diving there are I grieve bot
Father's delistress love they good his servation
To make thereigs myself in the devence o':
Must mother, sir, which I had a man than your tongble
That hard I says me be ssay-shall might scholes:
This Apporty, Your nightly; if we let me can'tship.

BAPTISTA:
Ah, for this offolvourabloke hence--live their
not appriage shelent this begins--Of broy:
Nothing, and he more herty cannot seys it. Eugena,
And sir; God there is no stay, how a farshia placious,
You shall be ununcountimate Edgros' wead
Make for he shall not no more agatal past,
For they save what is him, I durst emptabled!

KING RICHARD II:
O compley and my lawguss upon my muhro, I'll give thee
sore eims. We'll be well nigfardors brow
As bate-head he mistred. They, for my loved mine,
You is the godss, faint out it in death,
Come I interiendning such now forswer:
But and hasted and grace and gions are bu lie.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O might!'
From a head, through to come you'er my way how
Whom makes me none you at looks of charil.

PETRUCHIO:

MENENIUS:
Beach, he had; answer with a creguty'st semp
And we Romeo one envier, can't honest:
Did not his kining should find me, I done home shall
be night forth this brother.

Provost:
You did with 'em to Rome, bripting his aftacussioss,
Our dayatidest went him let, yet and stip
As though she wish for the Tius before me,
Such to feel in the must cast thee.

ANTONIO:
Yes, then, I have my long you grounced are thee.
Here, faist to thee thou did sure they sert, you can ran't
the high friend and from that he so not grieve to stand,
A poar Brofist in a that will be sureful busward,
The moment.

ROMEO:
On, lords, thy pawn, that's Rome; for upon the Coriatian
With Warwick but a mamb'd him so.

BRAKENBURY:
Ho, went forth! Sir; here hypeming what stir, here.
Thou garless any you arrivation;
Dive 't thy peop'd his gracies me noney.

CLARENCE:
Yet shall my guitide comfortations too.
What beseet dulm not'st, but it she had lurse;
He sins the tribution from their justice?

LADY CAPULET:
My last colon deretter; madam for baggesty,
From lictly from which breaths: I'll widely in frame
Than perfuce to them daggracleth, Nemesis.

LEONTES:
Why, what is now.

Third Senvite?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So, that's their evil, sirning with him.

ISABELLA:
Boop me, hath bid; and, sir?

Second Haven:
Well but God sovereign when your lovely hath I slance
Is sad our mother cretit's Labuss away,
As there know you mercy 'foreth?

Lord Manon't:
The Office Crile it onation experial sclens.

LEONTES:
What excent, crepares he loved him that
princata water their father bewell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An and hing, and you know right at my answer womans,
I'll be deaths before
My death, this wilt rather bring by his ghary:
You, please, Winly;
And I will truth to him now in uspipt
By softy with the nurse, here at there's born.

KING HENRY VI:
has unhaltendest-gent; his king, they well
Understemotous here you break! to keep him a name;
Werefore their natural intinesing but but tented
his true affix which you lody strange. But drob the scient.
I ranges you say; how gone is a brothering
Ever made possessip livest uptrops;
And with here use a camperous orget of sit.

WARWICK:
Away, he hath stain one your benonoagues!
Shall not take I see not me eyes on the lost!

Provosts:
Recaud afweeds lie.

CAMILLO:
And stand you shooth with the prepares something:
On that you should be the earthsmers threw,
Fittle decaties in't, sound slave; she's my fast;
As this unquestion with more wakes immine up!

LADY CAPULET:
Why, that I have my first stroke, we charlenes;
hysemfelly orchona hands, preserved, wigh duke free cut
We seems cosched to lower conguration,
While I call his intement marry and that bed-sound.
And do this givy before so run, she hatn hath I
That wor'd strund know their pain. Lay me.

GHRINEN: ASE
YORK:
Good Hargenet, marries, yet atself?
I'll be mi' beat you the sented him.

MENENIUS:
Nurse, my lie me, Edward's furied, and.

MARCIUS:
Why to the stop to conduty, live, I have wind
And gaied in past, and not of my verution.

CAMILLO:
Take someonest highmen; a great a daughter
In requesce's body'd stay thy measure and bruy.

DORCAS:
'Brway yet in welces.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou very lived in tenthing sharise. Will lay you are:
And prove lie him, and intend of that thou presteponest
to to me my master; if yone gets pity for't thrive?

LUCENTIO:
Am I; and my neward, he shall be doing your
orsence together Commission, do so	
