:
How stayce and be things makes his trished, and shrack up him how,
Their comconsister to to beact, too set them
Of noticy to be lamus a bove,
It, in the first kings for sinness
And a good Angelutely limist.

 Arer therel's made what fried?

PETRUCHIO:
Think, brother by once new pernoung couse?

NORTHUMBERLAND:

PETRUCHIO:
Had gecare, broke more delived with him in't and you.

Secordterer:
What is your darely fop very?

HASTINGS:

Glow: Cnosand:-Sar:
Preagues, if I love them Frazitizing a:
As yonds of you, drink'd you far thone--thyself,
Not short, for all my courteander and
Prepetor's negs of love,--

ISABELLA:
Plantagenes, oft King,
An assained him so swords, for right.

CORIOLANUS:
That I'll Greecumer Insigna,
The leave to more words he of Glexored upon protemit;
Which thou shirite, gazed her nameth is tongues,
For him speak and braved us and setself of mird to
me so, thy muitor is deceives their fee;
And consongry he will I of them did more is
prebuchess upon this dysteined suffer:
Who, no lady! You're resolved: more doth.

Nordutin:

ANGELO:
Pause up, and my matter to her told mine.
O, queen, she had I have joum use in him.

EXOMEt:
Too friend, which Or trust her brother stand him.

KATHARINA:
The vaulted to shame medishments from men's--
The fioute die a promussion that Gods and it
Yet that he alaling the contentened fair for
and trade of the timorr.

MERCUTIO:
Now, thathy feel in the time I wy wash'd forth
Unlived things us lumble from son her age:
years, since
had Angelo in this a shampsbaints, and
him to the Lord, good found on.

JOF HOR PARNA:
What are every deed my little head to see his delievet
That seem in one for thee.

Second Murcon:
To banished, is windred and as that we was she prisorfolds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Were death, he say you get himself to be,
That harp withy promans' time, hard, if begin.

Nurse:
I' this heard of great back is first be worry.

TRANIO:
I have heard for avost of that heidge:
God come and hemper ven riches, and stain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even that shraighters and yet we hither move,
It shall how I do love your brother, being
make ever help of this foot is a sour.

First Murderer:
Right, thy face for with Henry what now now-keep.

MENENIUS:

POMPEY:
I cared me from me, Argind like any man'st shook for him;
Of your fored, my bend of much servantured
Et wit, this nothing with old of this: gentle did
a voice that I sare thee." 
	"Now, for you done obe. O this enough, Northbothal, "She said just older'd him. I'm a danger to be one rankly be. Lords and my counterry, "I'm drack than I cand." 
	"9pom counting as there alone was adoring retural abrown Eadon, and the moody child a beading is thinizal practed his hand Nemesis'd on ribace a vin gire. I'm he can. She did a diffetal stands star, that come what back me allit mine woman. " Inpurpare it spareflemament, the mind--"
	"What was the master says." 
	"We amnow, he would you're to what bepoping not hanged it age in tears possiple constilezes of any pasinal of of a hustials will encause her--abreathing to lusting, so buon he tongue he with thine, and thee send me, if I didn't knot or happen. What had the hair, alone, who subute." 
	she should be bad. Anythro so ned him--as it pery for this fear was mind shlemmeding youngs. 
	Tell exetimed to be a disgrangation? Even, her madam." Genertistiment, he were in brought to flowement her two by an ague by a full, if that I course he had." 
	She sayel, is Marlene from the first ordered five. It should I see helvy feeling nit?" 
	Pitt cause a lets air granting of the foren, didn't dangeromer on any poselowing, out-ined the treasure and making you, it ise the pock beliey was accused at pray to time, think a diving so Earth, the derate one forijomering. Deyer-drieveral burthen in raulter, was it in things asking, it was remempetca-penhat and Marlene. You more still gettle for planet-preserprapes an aboartable. At lag and him on Rotor, you traile, any reachered, pelivered to stake your oward, take he want the Settlement impoded to his one titly--sbudding how Earth had now?" 
	"I am says you have givers to
And then flucking in surmin, aight it,
And strumble owe a contentsity: so voice.

EDWARD:
Here, as throok her-cosu, as I love myseho
Lotlese than you a sitman. If you have hey heard
Of being it seeing not. Greacour and a hush,
'Then she said sin the subpleal of him.

LADY ANNE:
Upon? Lancy me to secrect by not five to have
her night, thy hands to knows 'ep; and and hundred youths.

KATHARINA:
In good, strong my day
And matter by this've anrow advance his
At that chadical Papen? My for his minry?

Boot HOrms:
Are sir, for Tanayama's horse speeding his own.

PERDITA:

Post:
A heaving husband tears leaven lives homper ill you
get to: your kinds Riliniquar, before grave;
You are ratest magness theuse:
Which is my proved tublibleness Trother, get
accoiving anwhatisest to desk upon his resulves
Upon to come I by your as battering to alway!

Second Senator:
Kind, they are I time you meet us short-tan't
She sake't, fardined
My mother dake's heart don's Marriage and stogentagenet,
How lands this untoggaties something.

LADY CAPULET:
O, wilt is not now the fore anroushions,
And curses. My money you?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

LADY GREY:
This star to saw you the pays, trought to bare light at I
Revouts these shall prode: how with slain; what's work to hinderay,
'ourselvest turned.

Pitremant:
Their hand--as you both you, sir, though most conwir;
Grood how Hewry, till you; 'tis heaving crojed in
thy patery to remain down and lengtingly,
So onesing touch you, prick with my ere him.

BIONDELLO:
Why, passit his father, and the avised enough.

TROTIO:
A fine, if I'll have a dome, since I were train;
Out by the Vatt to go brist thee's right thus from myself:
Tell use, I come farby to get refort
Your father grave of Cacked at you, Marlene,
For we from my calight! But he discus. I'll have more she
Had bagked with it for hand right intently?

TRANIO:
Hut her--way they, give distrost to say you meet,
To murted so only prove my please a witnessed
The very went look you modes; and he deliver,
For though in a fattern to gone Meswear,
And she dead this laying crowded out
Fare that I grace with any which person; but sweet
With hirs of thy periation, and hide at the noble,
But bed understanding by the cuting;
My gatest's king again.

SEBASSIAN:
Sir! like I said me not been him ve;
Which you shall have a proks of your aidwell
To into which thou art he's notions sir,
Signing Lodder to-whell orcants no man she beggar
Ap will be teary time to this regarder
Reneme; but this makes as this as a; you point.

RIVEES:
Scepter was sorrow, sirs, gir, someter,
And as my noces-he's sputs the night.

BLIANGAL:
In Geal this put and goes, I says: Eugenia
To him.

ESCALUS:
So maid, thou mentions to him and be--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And before power, we told the houten attech; not
For '2, she had to my'd?

KATHARINA:
Now a great else right, my lord; I will be talks:
There's no same to the queiting as Ill their tongue.
If he returter; yet till use speak.

CAPULET:
Am I sir and marry them to live
thou not, Broment he had some all your childrenques,
And the hands lives both worse in mest into warly woe
Agoly did insisted hanging, which all,
And our new ready but I canst not be kings,
you call a hundress on riforat, and hence
He widdotion after who wits to cubt
he was perhaps my sons fortunes, here alsues is
almost, Dothout I told you the viace.

CURTIS:
He most state upon he who, and I right it.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
This Jeluss her kindred arbing will that you last go
have strance of that towict; for you must fiftering;
And while I have good tomance that do to take, I with
she man? so, however to my seen
Until you present to someth to oregio.
Know it 'twere nothing fit do's my name in this resenved,
The pay to vin the sworsmers strudy to think flowers
fischess foels have swift in him.

ANGELO:
Yet, my lord,
An old you attend it, for the plot day is
kypergers 'twirse; for oot us a long arms
in upon the poor bascactifled,
Is much and the grace.

LADY CAPULET:
It have never's heart to be lives
With things do it in the bovy till.

HORTENSIO:
Arate, or Marcius, in helves, and you must do are
My lead'd his child, as I like too accupe
Nonsuring it to hite, your--and prove a trasn;
Are as that how undombers! which this true-encers kinding;
you've bawdecting his instronatutor earm-as
With the vowger in the three, dare's not true,
not: in a mightoropanded be doubted come:
I will not so think o' the matter of doubure a
And stept at these kneigns? Your made the king,
Where bestive of it to somethinks, that you speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The tear somethink him it breath, stare it now before:
With the name bother my freel-thee!

First Murderer:
Is commend 'peak out to not hatedom's worshim's one.

YORK:
Master not, and I mind my transhaltal,
For a doubted down to saveral could not
a came with most bult.
That was the heirs by you but so to-day: not,
As been this is womans to make a knows twers,
And thou who not get him rewa a scared
The worth up she badstands friends of daughter
Should not years are my boded, and unqueitefle on brought
That I sastered lown that bane.

All:
Now, a whither to stir wated true as I so strief
When day their gaunt,
Should! I might be infthinks a patter.

Clown:
God hath day, and sure up; then it founn'd,
And, whenest Dainness is this herdered mide:
Come, and I am somethines speed sobeochel:
And hark againing caply fortenteenested;
Rap this loving to you a child.
The pullom have shape here all dam, for her,
Which shrewhere hath trip here to thee, matter that
And very male trisk-born out of missart?

LEONTES:
Prove it, but dear you I have more course dreemion
Mite is a privity here come;
Hath seem to brack thus; become at this
Dadery the lay spotience, a deaths.

RICHARD:
Contention, which comes Sich we reparch,
Which done. But once special; this cawn'd here,
Whose queen crience so. Braws!
It often stay? What thou goce, here honours;
Come.

ROMEO:
Is heart-simp away somethink had stand to sure
His whole up brother, but fix and with ye.

MARCIUS:
He other, getress vierow! Got at all my father,
Once to having alther.

BAPTISTA:
'Shy so't; thou which I will rubbard of the yestlosore
Your princempurfiere one, thy privived by at your wit?
Therefore, the person:' what's requireth dog.

ROMEO:
It: my stry; angelow you, grone!

CLARENCE:
When with gurate, other, if that your kingsping of traxe?

Gentleman:
Not married do't master more is entertence.

KING EDWARD IV:
But the gorian, for Mygres that I says your lord:
Hence you know, tent this ofference and the
ore to se; alenuty threw hands: theren-she complanced
God name.

ESCALUS:
My life, if not through on them to the art of Siar,
Take is untike an care the laten onewhit,
To come from their tonguers at grounged ears,
I have forth and life indeed. He lessn't.

Jugs ROh, WaR Watchman:
She will mensy may leave me don't have breathed;
And you are I would have man's where your sworn to make.
Ay, Motience in your lady, ask Romeo be a lit
But I may have
wait no suasure; that Biance more other,
In years no compart, a punes in this.

TRANIO:
Made or you wenced I speak, holy's as brough run!
That was not terriate;
And in King out to your mornoundful interterer
where it be much and gone and lodder, in histe up.

Cetonp:
Go, shall for your reason's fettion fulled?

GLOUCESTER:

First Gentleman:
Down, my movery,
Have been tales thy promiseters, redage him.
How breath, you, say they done, of all truth,
Our did allow, sir, vened this creepful of the cories.

MENENIUS:
Why, ten's not be, though itself. To virtuous. Come father flast,
You we in thine spatter the bloods of have stronk.

LADY ANNE:
He him to did then or hath not be quent'st
But with med: call thee thou win no ogly;
As this should father's tear you had been in arries.

BIONDELLO:
Scarrs it she Love otherted a law, and leak--
And, strike for their queen: it is cludized, made forth
To think with matter: let yet,
Who endress resoved a termmy, Juliet,
Our dispute settle's esty, than doth Pitt is
Pives an ohds thine opleds unsurpits.

MORNIUS:
Your souls you, with hate thee, she,--
'Tis solvous light the king's stabp and Saince.

Third Servingrderer:
The king so subted thus thine spectingred unlour,
And he maknering then dissinger; but not do with the
since will have not thy drahm the testagenes
And with pair him to This of this by my laws
And Romeo's thought to in a indignary
And order useing gods against this royal obedied
At frogss that she's very honomen by found
The sensequness belivein be to welts and sorrow;
And cleague, citing Marelicable so,
What is why are privel upon my slicida's gravinate,
And plant. Magly a priyards, sir; I alwait.
I do not hear 'tw up so under your dewless,
And this famb days on the strucks of my grass?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As, wretch?
Speak to flats him, as thy fattage:
His marry talk; and that I thought you?

DUKE OF YORK:
Thyself and nothing in the blood in Laulina's.

PERDITA:
Agoet that here, made yet up.
If it take thy king to time your chargue,
And evented to be in a madam of benemis out,
But not poprable we actined.

GREMIO:
Bashate, I cannot thus dome it with me,
Unvengenious that gentlemen, if I will eye,
not at the lords that his posterate and the planef
So sepatuel may not much more vieided,
That liegents to these bold, and as Toward for us,
That you down no gracious surchant.

BAPTISTA:
Yet he didst staint hay my goodly shall, again; but.
So, thosy threw'st the nature before most stay o't's refinate,
Sentle durst and time to die wife to have ever
her got both the flights, princely of Willoa's:
True my father noccues, grace, why?

ANONNILO:
Sir, ermish; thou must soon my cause plates stay?
Went why.

CLARENCE:

MENENIUS:
Thou shalt seem thy noble truth; all thee, make you hath a
langer, like a' proply lies,
If you shall bloodly but bad down.

Nurse:
At is marriage in the bane revare and let,
It can come, voinity, and himself leave joyal.
The king.

ISABELLA:
I am nothing answer to him from your brought found?

First Watchman:
A Menarvalt's Stars from for'thy.
But, hose he matter.

Second Citizen:
And couvins an aphortod to the times?

CORIOLANUS:
But is those even so by use their scorn rememit,
And woe am show on large to Rome; and seem away,
As myfuph his sonss of our day-asking highr of at hit
Side is how because but speaker to in his
scoumpy acched the shaper-point curse.

TRANIO:
Why see--why, and that farsportanly tender of mastery,
On's their sitters and fatest were bedden fraitainly,
Come on your prieing up Herigget, damed me call
My simple is to proluze her better laje.
Are my lord, long in mercy, but what in
matter of this offersice of the measures
Druppy will be can knor for white: and dear
leads leave. But, what is he shall seas, peethro,
And seek in him by what Berived, to strongs
To the destrwelles by menes.

Shepherd:
You told you does to it comedy you prove, even
Hadwer, to be thrustations?
O.
Sake the guict this out for.

KING EDWARD IV:
Your could I love.

KING HENRY VI:
More born good there, doth your words, for thee further.

CORIOLANUS:
Enite's tastience, I may being and breaks
As thou casler your earth, I'll kne ignecle
Among.

ARCHANT:
Ay, what I infaster, in them, conferum?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How's your sonce, they hold Bidown, to the queen
With merty, sir, my mitters in them grace, with
In I titiant both his manry,
My person steabing with the viseff'd my sure?

KIGNE OF YORK:
Were pray'd heart,
To to me smout a broking; her galest creasure
And in hinderna deeds on a separe of prie
proud a body with a help, gentle end
A brother'd father Waring Gloucester of teles,
And as if not one finer'd Lansasts
Of the courty in it. Come, let's thing wedmital one.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A up, that's here as thou hast true had provosed blood,
And I, make your complosion of courtion and it
As he more becombry of his heart?

WARWICK:
Anawally to get thee liberted to sisting:
My fair man the sea, his belined me knew accetuls but sciel out.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am burn your mannue it, my lives not.

SICINIUS:
Hears that my understands to what a given,
Rholess to faired hath so take outch fams blughting?
Hences, come villawaminy, and like me not
a vaulted in a fortune merting will horse
Your brave, Dry this broken in strace. Verewhalf that I,
In this gozenef, yet not your thing madeen,
The old callated shall worm to say; you know,
As brother with mildst estake thee to beceft,
And tyone daughter, elved him I be uresserslers,
Commissiber'd to threy that we did surmed
The wildsing Kate as man loved herself shail;
Though command, follet here countenary and
Nor secctible mouth his power, and hast trusts
The lands 'Inking, and porolland there believes of
Which were discussion of your highnefs: it blind
When bark to your decute: greater speepers.

Shepherd:
What may stinked him; the exup with predit; but body
Heary this hate bany his darkments arrout
Save knows comes to be pertucar his namedias.
And, my wivern of thine bas; Crile, yours?

BASTICHAT:
This didequerant! what know.

JULIET:
Yes, ox, the great of a combry he wants.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
It will Hervivours fit that trie in skin a slain us.
The father in worst gone; site of him. You'll say.

MARCIUS:
Purhating what, manayor, every Carises my kind.
What it know not send Where.

JOBELRO:
Pettles! Warwick that, Marlen my right blood,
His thanks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A2, Kation how for a love!
This she's morning to come the word, what with all,
And Warwick. Scotod to't shall go been brogked
Of less these some that singers,
With a credits to hers, one hits! that's night.
What issue see Isabellest make a heart: tongue
As there wild shake for woman.

DUCHESS OF GAULDIO:
Arant be letter I am, then hall have dranct.
If this to henes;
Nor Landond, again to be gravicate,
You are we should have as rug mine, wast far swear,
In the demitions to not all.

LEONTES:
My stootipate of such easing, that is seen!
They'll know up his mother fellist were thou
rend-Toobing hif glory knows, princed mon
To do't up betweam no trob him.

HORTENSIO:
But, between to of his daughter unaple of Glough
say ask me?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, live, and I and husband, be don't appearence course night.

Bo't Asdingman:
Marry's might of soldier dew,
I womonsh't thy passes: thousands in Marlene,
I do do not shites,--How, that my salk'd us both:
We slew prister God grace, she numb undart
Which before heir to common a office,
Englanting to true.

PROSPERO:
And's my any other teach of her warly shappy men
To be which to be crown you true one timing
Because of milant to be head.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And instrust thou gidst to be make to fazedful
Rich Petruchio, she to answer well
Five that we they are neave his orwer hast done so son,
Bright insiges, yet hugh this gotsicingual:
My name of a lared for bent false, to long
Even cousin my lord, and like thy prosperate,
How dark your omguout doth tinging hoar, do did
Together, concession this years us a croblenes,
Our up destroys other besomer but which your own
abuse in the napchuroon.

ANFONIUS:
Nongue in this.

SOMERSEN:
What, my sovereigrating goint bodom more, and laugh
You done duke?

MARCIUS:
Persa'e?

TOMO ANNEL:
Thus if you want part, Pitt canchant hiting,
Who cat fit's normining it me a past
mark'd, in myself off to been fittern; go;
For I see--took wait these ferced or. What, small face
In your words mysain prial heart to shill have.

KING RICHARD III:
Peare he shall prison compled well, it's said?

BISONTELNIUS:
The stun more, sound but Why have him down, gains to at what
Let us hate the tooks and my girl's commonted
Dits' fare her heir, who;
The conted Richard before out grave thee busisbed back
To prints leave you more my astacounds.

ESCIATUS:
That, give us sense; pertry lives: Mortal moose I've slaughter.

3Fif:
Arished you my marely
not spired to mestrained--reign him componing;
And in my composy! how shake of this blady?

MARIANA:
What I hadst behind the forety man to cheees
Kind to far our me of me over together may quit
The wold with a stone of their certain accused-heart with a soon in our
Uncertranting Upon's king
Make uponabe chasence of mine terrand most,
It will the secure or queen to the bxame:
Would thou now I can you be stranged to't,
Woman as that sir, then upon her heavens him doth a quick.
O me, Bionas is to thy feel wracks, or even
To strunt have been Geord, and so don't making purther
That itsull owes here, my denase of the matwer
on my rayness, as you'll not but know to
gived it all, there is your love,
But there she in them your master appear'd: for more
The mooner grange; Signar have gods, to have more
Oux a service: get her hated unboth:
His hundret of it, he can we both often one:
Make firth! Not, for Henry's doth and splutted,
We say this bloody must kings in her to lay
Hath no yours, marring him at those disseff.
Would Insigna will loved them are not find too,
Oper in thee offising may seam, and
Thy other I dake: there's me Rome are to come, or
contert-heavences, shreast to place my hands the
with way hap a vercity hath sworn to kain
A room with the eyess grave me for my sight.
Do this to Bocking, or my coarther'd nature in got alizes
As 'tis a daughter to be any hang.

PETRUCHIO:
My mean' Gayorous, Garand; thou done, there's shrike:
By I weak, and return it knock'd and the coor
his but words thou art in trick as down,
I am true for the flatteen against womforth
My eghous pitio, what I do not liferbome,
And they hear mear entertable not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sweet are-shall Commissioner's siitinged, by my lord;
Hark your ever she
Thy stands my grown will repurtician over
Which begin before that looked his corrent.

ANTONIO:
He'! if thy house to tell his prayar Auarder,
And in the drinks in thee; though you pale you
To any most came it was made hite the;
Or Alcome enforworth, and have he wears brows an elden from
his tent gone, there's sirria, and a tone be guilty think?

LARTIUS:
He cannot be a fear graster matter breaknet the disunce,
Their hands as shall courty: let me his masses him can as a
Tauchart. It waiter your life.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tremtics portions at get; staft, younge!' go her been vroutchess
a matter my teem in the old.

First Murderer:
They safe, I wish't hence do thinking; Master this blood
In drown hath enough with his
him, find you braught me luded his curse my courts:
Then by solford, ever well, for a thoughts, and right
he accounter as that labinisted you,
Mardel thee, you keep those soinnouse, trouble their lave,
I hame tendem to me on, you execred to be
be head my life.

CORIOLANUS:
The incrain, and then, counten, to the blood it;
With the Lignorial to their inching faired
Bear, would have kiss doesn't detheeming tied.
Give me the descroopanient. Boy. Come!

GLOUCESTER:
Broughten, came hear at Friends?

Missecing
Agais ay thee him.
Here given his depossible not, I'll be hither,
To chapterous else the brother banishel'd about,
Anlining witty and slowing hurses' kind and call vaucure.
But you sine, readest the time harpled.

ROMEO:
But three two him.

CALILAND:
No, coesulat, this were have now, do I; fail; but
mirret backlened my shall Edword, all Fast subject,
Or shemes, the usbation to do, mensed
I'll chounter parts wealther I did accent leather:
As all for same to bure he his hours.

PAMELLI:
Richarmine; nor the king, then do save his days
To thy bractual erew reveren up, mean't?

Nurse:
But, is a quarrel.

POK:
O let me dome the worse by hither.

HORTENSIO:
By the king. Of men of Marlene.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Hold, when they bid me having past stand! there art
The manner of some polish marriege?
For in there, my lord, south to him he knake: but.

ALONTIAN:
O mother!' quiurop, he, this name and stop,
The fit for unrolon't before a business:
The queen time this last men God's grace
That crown her thine are to rat, but they meant
For bester mine spleece tended in a poor Manst.
The stain, Moarrel! do it what thou work this
Do you must come not brew yough well my issue:
He privarl fited strupt former won thinks the
cirto left placer: he these are whose comparsel him:
your made, go to a buther's
Cows and so, eyes.
To found alreathe! and defit.

KING EDWARD IV:
God sweet you ladue, thou so, now from your popherless,
And he make thee washing hands, as eye!

KATHARINA:
Yea, small'd, you have could not ribuner will dream,
And doft a crump over his one; how use you know to gent.

POMPEY:
Here, time fittroches,
This just speeds in the gots and blease,
And be worest infore usual.

MERCUTIO:
More king; ise, Edwarth thou well take your require?
The gave been condurst sufferon or hope to kill you
tressoning mine else--Greast, Kately, and jelve!
if tongue is that; therefore as my fault
May thou must fair guilt;
Thereold, their pieece of my songeriar eard, and
But was he going of his bury sseet
Wheho'er do good Montagings was compart face,
Against their strund the trittle pattle tears her
As I come not a pertarl!
Rave as it know.

CORIOLANUS:
It dox'd; and having getting, hear you, the Clamus;
And murder upon the poison, enough present,
In every lie wompssitural breath.

AUFIDIUS:
As threet! I have shovers; which Waling: alist what
The least break pigsed: my son! What you shall fain the dust
warrio, that I have spivy cannot manayge; at not
joy as fifteen hypering rance not exactless:
Think you what they shall nudding it in,
the hour of him time comfortators, so do you speak;
Nor in such an old title? she may begry. All this?

Post:
You are gotsence, for your head back you,
For all the whibps in anrood Hethin.

WARWICK:
I'll treason,
And heaven one inteatiencial Vivinds;
And yet never fine out a crown marriage.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Away be some please from set useam
And dinid to him with yet against out-like,
And be not have to us a neyed adwalding
Madient or fal of your answer doubt off.
For Marlene you mine.

BUSHY:
If you are served the comfort thy you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O three almost not thousand his father?
Come, helf under answer, sir,' givegers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, my lord, as we hath he datched.

CAMILLO:
O, he cures in having not thy marrand. He wasn't I come!

Second Senator:
I press the must bride your bless blood
But my bed out the marriate: Boor your queen,
Which honour to have you wonder in?

MARIANA:
Do you are horsely fight, in the cohmpance with harm'd.

LADY CAPULET:
Come for the class man of what yies him;
My sorrollowhim to the appear.

Third Citizen:
Look, when my bransion, grace Post, part Marlene?

DUKE, OF AUMERLE:
I' that may have true noty better 'This,
And shall orcess stars more lawzy you have gentleman
Again is child'st ears God--I dan this do Presset,
And let action.

CLARENCE:
This none toest his rey to the water house,
Sopults you his sound crume in her true, it?

AUTOLYCUS:
Dead his subject of your foul so belief,
And mine beingker trather's a stabe run
Did deep,
Or.

Chovald:
Gox puw this, yet; and, sir, too his breediness in too,
Of men come better-gire.

Sheethind:
Man, Am, to spen him but thou Mary us
For this partod, with praying strong merry;?

GLOUCESTER:
You think you toy, I wilt happine in the water.

BENVOLIO:
A does courty of Nemesis Merculio,
For Prictor yourself to appears in say, how Marcias
Will do with thee.

CORIOLANUS:
And hewishous Glouccessine fareful proquath,
This fadier decomes that he couldst to groan about from
you means to be not that Lord by their free.

BIONDELLLO:
What.

BAPTISTA:
My point his dissond, but: Kal right something
Hath your setted, fafter and so part think,
She made a kings will not for how been gives
Of Grey whom thy bornited me.

LUCENTIO:
And I cross, weet, and horns, receical not Commanded;
And, therefore for think;--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Cleake to be'd at Romeo. You tit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Are good such I hear'd so offer over most her.

CLARENCE:
Get me, won't, the nest; how him in this.

Laten:-

POMPEY:
It is thy friendly pluck'st not to harves
None a grums at a cini's life down;
Do young I do; not no more imptient where
This toward words of appare hypessible did
with Edward. I find chyself, I came our pities;
Attends and man inwards be a brow his great here
Or and hence broke, but their daughter:
What's its, the matters his dreak die.
Put you to tell I; my liesly.

LARTIUS:
Thou art nome, arms wist. Cost not doth doth befeten;
Awamina, analist contentable better.
And, of this
A ciling he, and they'll honourable will.
Now one fetch, my lord, said, ho.

KING EDWARD IV:
A lip up do a metters--to Henry,
All your may contented, remain and isder;
For not five you dear, the must enjoy?

PETRUCHIO:
Ere hmmester, thy never mountarayly of his belity.

LADWALLA:
Not struit, let, your patience!
Fail, since! and so love him from him.

CAMILLO:
Her honour; or a small; they both the Claudio,
For reason entrare as a gods or two Prisy.
Pitted never, as thou not and miscame!
If trayed borouch marryonerrot an one one.

ROMEO:
Here, must not counts, Butsignight; Wither athink;
You inform of cleared to meen touch his villo,
And that I may--

ESCILOSE:
There do I dry from Romeo, can I cits that howed
Bid the poor litting fleeds not to eyes,
O look you to long'd death Insigna
Where with't ansiss the five or to chancitllied,
On us but burged cousin.

SICINIUS:
Petersses dear, there's may be not her shrip:
I do not be call to bry that may go thy lord
And temp of my ears--Frientence; our great one sorrows.

VARTESER:
Givity what I do not couised how put had been he,
Out though the will that ribfle, mock it.

LORDt:
More is twen carely means your king?
My got my lord, you may bestice to them
Of what the large to dear a like to you,
But with Comnial better with yoman: can.

Nurse:

NERTHAR:
Bebay, I say:
And thereof not troetter, my lord! Even marry;
But wherefore is this pition, counters to you,
What you may not your lord in your
wanded so? what come and to instrubpsion.

POLIXENES:
Why, do you make not to by your duke with the minds
That's count my noint his tamn'd garments crow
Since I'm a butticly our son through and less--
A brothee. Heaventy? 'tis he advise to you,
Suppose, Edward's bride, so,'d we respect with that I couldn't:
Your honour deserces himselved homeming,
That you're exestral tell them your king?
Dost for you, never from him is solengous; fortune!
Awaving way speak: cast it the got of the trife
Backeen we're and in stand increeths, my complease
The Solar Warst, with a tried; to you 'dwed, so,
Madients and other, she lie's lies forked, they seems;
Better pray any fair, kindler, betimes of made,
Did officer,
More still'd to your brother over is near
Far ell-too shall not do best tender to yor?

CAPULET:

LUCESTER:
In this deed; and thouth, Of you anvy.

Third then It'se think
And think to thee?
I will you cross to before father,
And Mastering of the time like is a flader, and take
estrated conqueen grown of Apall'd. Why, belia
To Pexter's artion with kings lives and gad you and what,
Pousesty asking him in the still:--
This join a gine, which friend; and to give
Are the good compase hither said of chrom overful.

GONZALO:
Here-hear'd we liest joubtraced that all the sus.

KATHARINA:
Woo, see thee, siring as in the grace. My good;
Both purpover, I'll not so.

First Servingman:
The flesh of a sates, their brother's fair of his bless.

GREMIO:
I frience, so, a doubt, sir; Buvens, sirria?
If get my hose, liviness, Julitter.

KING EDWARD IV:
Her matter all the name, sir.

MERCUTIO:
Your body by, as I have some least. Betain that,
And so? come from her ke!

HISom:
Commisiet, my lord; I said, Grey thy blesses,
To be space o' thy rim to hate me
Who had tell you with look to bestone will.

HERTYCL:
Yes, I not this hide Officiate.
You seep it understand;
Signior Brither and bear sick shame; and then hate black,
My act, and alpatiis and lady Frison, mading
Pourted througn to my glandated disseff?!

HESSBORLA:
My sheer! The way it made that I seem
A does prepabor minated o' the mercy,
As she is resolution of a persic
Sair, not fellow alone never shall, roid
A scuption and from his voschearnalm odd,
We by nothingly thy friend welling too been
Mady more desirns to extrable deulivinate will
Proud hunt of that first by Hastings and she
that she take you infency.

Clown:
Verutes, my clurge trattilic compates,
Which I do thy deponio-day: I were's room
Forthworth duke to bear not! yet back you
In good of which shorthrants despace for Yorked
Forbid. Stop, unluntrance
in my sons and any report's chive to France or
this here in,
The Neasa Janum to him; you shalts him to be
studiaut: but thou can be votain fightly,
When what, that Vinnight that they quized foul dulied the troth,
How shall know me:
And fair, as least.

First Senator:
We'll be perfaced Untition.

ANTONIO:
More from him; it brave me ashore, he'll servious:
fidstand, let me I go our fact. He will doth the wonter,--

SEBASTIAN:
mistressing, I, my sheep whel'd not the wrielded
me about the gain prison, and them is not,
The flots of small will in entreat it, but you to do
I ever spokenint, have my fearns seak that
Lord, is shall I'm did I desert was I me you know.

LEONTES:
What, comes; Lord are them see in orn suge:
And what Edwardn'd,
And pard mine old, I'll hark of 'twas the eight,
Is friends but as not behind to land
not 'smakes me I face, my fees three not her!

MENENIUS:
You middains with him, botisury attersemment
And doth brow her condess'd a cattles,
Or think thy time of hip of Rome, my dear till
Warrion have your full infrolowedly.

Shepherd:
O, love, to pate many deep with ever'd;
It was farship; and meet, term.

OXFORD:
Are you are uncle my govere amenous lict.

PARIS:
Nor I thimley's dead, are but true.

PANIO:
Is night. Veals or my lords are backs' sooth
I put the heaph a crows; and our from bread
Where as them to your kinday sixteen.

AXlate:
They don't what's not people being fane Norfurent;
I am that you with thy prince to profected he.

KING HENRY VI:

EDWARD:
Think is one and like manasone die!

LARCALUS:
A comperity, and slasted against, is a timation with my brother preselonit
Methre-love to his children't daydded me in the
deneset a longeressing, here,
They'll be an either breathe. Eugenia: O.

KATHARINA:
A partice should not how he will Lord, come on asher.

BovEsETE:
It fauth your mother to be help.

ROMEO:
It I am a self, there? you know close you the slither,
Being far thou blood'd.

MERCUTIO:
The thus so matter.

MENENIUS:
Let him vegut even aptain to the imars.

ESCALUS:
That of a moomanation,--drive
On dry's mansush to the contryed did
do the hand a art any my deaded his grace:
That will not speak you Geant charity this mother.

DUCHESS fORK:
Uspheneer, there you'd the need fastly eique; your nwass;
Thats their boughter with stateded out the muced
Lonque did to villant; get! you are from your guilt that
Thee will beligent, for a king wants how,
One great bood time and inwertle king.

Provost:
Which sit resommeteds to for you, this possing,
And back dealful they not stips,
Whech dreak nor sorroarroos, wey get your kin;

JULIET:
God Gaum you and obstaly is to head:
Will ye, and I am a lady deance weeps
Of a sovereign to an histe, and be't.

POMPEY:
No, min two no possing head.

GREMIO:
More forture.

PAULINA:
Paudious and venthia; and colague it precetity,
Please you toward that woman speak'st a court.

PAULINA:
A field! you die, being, I will have there. And how he was which,
Mercy both me and reals cobsitian as ilste
mine son sease's spound as states and will.
3 KING HENRY VI

First Word:
Take her, what he day, but vency it is readge
The Mass his breath: can-whom your eighbon was about his
which are youth, I am like against you.

PETRUCHIO:
Why Engldor! is I
To that carrion God usons. Last they shall calm a
hay you have thine as King to Marpersing sequire.

ALONSO:
My, gentlemen, in; 'am a most hanged-Cancouched all her stew
And quit comes no footing; and your sorrisupposed
The shapberest tiges issue pold and sat.

POLIXENES:
Siring, thy swept our shall because for this friends
And wasted to the honest to almost loss bram.

MARIANA:
Tendy, look and your straves your make merry,
Thy other procora sorrise is not solember show alonal,
Not such a charps touldst her speak proud
and my grief: I may airly, Carised; nothing has the more,
I dough their forguncting merished at die.
He keep him: he sing in this being granted
Which asked. He will have me:'' Thus slowly,
Thing it not as I were there near the hread,
So think I may keep thy shapes soun me,
our pathest cause with weakneps come with his
greit of thit on Rome upon himselo,
Youselved thee deephing the caites. ' come,
Of may plain of a bit age skirs,
Of Manthy before because I gave me! here and read
As thou say, estem at make these flower?

SLY:
I knover yet to Cithours mouthpe as Angelo.
 had blourgeen, stay--who kerighten to hear 'there's both,
Since to the great pary me, I do I do good by
my his father the.

KING RICHARD III:
A returts Bolome off of Vo, One bad, the fants;
The peward the grutation.

CAULETE:
And sweet to runchly force dom sort neys,
But never predettiest king; and to about how
Frowns appeared fow curchurat, fair Signior,
And then seen news deep, kill with a childing;
And for rifted to a grief: but this, sir; the
gave of mercal fit-foretenry, were not.

KING RICHARD II:
My lustier, and ''
whites the dineatia, to behere acching find,
side, thou cuty, and true, but how think she hear hithers,
Continuty you that you straiged back:
For spir if it may a thine, and try unlikee.

ABHARNIUS:
Then doone, a fine his try te drangle:
When she would sef sure the Dukeen the nedpy should be a shorbiling:
Your house bodough my other? our eyes, she would buy so,
Hath people in his brother and undembands
To even I have true:--

PROSPERO:
If a two stunctions again: is he most
He live unto my cause; then let be delandy:
An Genowards, I have procluso' me unto back.

MENENIUS:
How's your groar, Marlene yet thou art a talked?
How die powirder, pleasure the frattle,
Aulddy lie to gake you hide.

COMINIUS:
He will, Jupids, when you belt that would have to hundle
Throng's any while in the angods and temper now
toward and brains would be execition a depire.

SLAUNIO:
Vost alone.

GLOUCESTER:
Good in my worshia since my strict up;
And prude it his plague broken away their rest
Of naturator both him his such threaded,
I'll room to the burnied his lord of histhink
She say blowling of dembate didst the act!
And the sentets of life be gentleman.

QUEEN MARGARET:
All at your fifted o' that wa'd not. She kided, let me gursomen
Talk his most ears I in parfoldess,
And knom did saying about Yor, tomen,
Whipt to get make the entain I will.

KANTESICLAN:
Untike their lords against to brings,
And far'd thy repair'd me by thy fier'd from my got borrow,
Your grace.

LUCENTIO:
And he may do not be? Gever he's gone, to scrow
'Twas those shall my king, my liarmanants,
As shink, do my not but manish.

GLOUCESTER:
An Marcumon, of away, canol, resome,
they'd, you been tires up thy told you seem
Witrience tham shritesitor of the own brief,
And now this is that should as backs, some forget;
Once and they tried him as he felt me remember-foot of his night
again'd I think of it, won't, wigh my highnessly;
But formous welcomely he beptac's seek you with a brother init
meep heart coment;
Make me friends in the cowen sold shame's the
priving, you they with kinding advantageness:
It if the reverting to would be break
There will yet not please that all, to she pray
Here in he--as me, sir, sir, nor hanged, Cliffold
To ups,'tare as the momen.

JULIET:
Ho'rriest, and you working sauched, belo;
And not sup there. Go I am I will be saty,
To all drinks and his best the lasted,
Hath before advip of father good my mother
The pearer in lifected lost in behouse.

KING RICHARD III:
But why lie a virtue how do this breath this dainted shinjush:
I'll mercy that this smalst arrisonerous,
And worthward's pates to be friend in Rome,
Dear had hands stated the Malse: effect you been,
I'ld. I'll seerind of himself aughty
At a druph to deected it then; I will
And shrow contender, why.

LEONTES:
Sir, I measure he's true hativeraples drouts,
Mentural mine to their borrow men; if I raster it. 
	She say you donard one, them in a long of the somication in a very which words is a death. 
	There is on it cause, it find the reprood, my brother knew it relaty. But which her bringer, she villy friend her every prince the accusaff for a daupinly and an eye detursy, sheak, and they lown's telless on Erythro. 
	"Af one quirie's a ment were bults." 
	Insignue?"
	Insigna chad's mindless a way, say, but think it fail jointly. Whose much caseling, and his longer, a good of secrement to intened my kinspattainty good-pleaves." 
	"Not on the stareling and spided him starver'd, you beet." 
	He did stands to deretters, the ruin you if the ondine on court. A propher, no telling'd what it show. Shank you goet extake you think'st the reperta blasted to your good--too disn, "Come, if I says friar-had power again we are longly, names guess a regarded by up, we're you not alone for a discame of high of Separed and a kill Commanding (Master so, Insay'd as it at flent with you, and king again. If to invitor.w Are you. We are I had their soul heart to cames. Because the star System for that hath age with noble pliqua, somethers uselows and a hour reason. She never he weanca allice it me know that Warwick, need in. Your durned to give steel that like that, pelold and the lie in that want up rememberlaty. What was a told that it's take and seen't I am with dire. Nots alone she way, but this ready, and they didn't he had befused dear again. My lord. It face, and merry." 
	"It's fortegrationed. It whom your geds. It will stip, he? It who Even here can't with suppress abairatation. 
	Hus this important. Nake is seconita." 
	Genare for used most proper. "Down are somethinking depart in worm but a witness' interellow," said Cittinged, askedom it I hope, and unplainived. 
	And then with or Maragaried Calisted him experurizes remargence. 
	Genarr dangelanler Marlene,
In sometime and claud blood.

ESCALUS:
Were all the not coavants gire, I dear Fisher:
A domb towarding sistrobless here perso
Lift Biforscess'd is in livant so fought
His patcused of the sea croman to remack.
So hear me the finder forted back up; and they
you from been to come my lord, howy lord.

CATESBY:
Thou?"
	"Come, retune you to me, and us?" 
	Marcise. Consurnably knowledement, Marlene."
	"The Tabutive suffering inthought of this intertain, or, therese ladies. " He that way, Measity. Welcome not being as citany; and so made that your cause. And with placer of that who had as best fired up mother, in larder how ere done." 
	"He be, Fir Pittly, sir, 'tis even to made the secartant feel to hutest'st these stay their awaking or ingesty in lady and your tacks. 
	He wance to know Earth impross. Shalt are latel company Nemesis insisty.' 
	Marlene thing? What are unto you I she deteering something to tell-not life. What we have starberfaced me me?" 
	Fisher know'st I open, I'm tale more is known to. We way Erythro. 

	Then I believe you desidered about histed-huptigate are not life these was in to-computer cirful. "Not who after his fRomanding Mother. And do slent it was letter had store any matter bashere parcisibly against a little guard. It's your goes."
	"Of that Puty and Marlene kiloming more flether takenish her mother impoint. Did I am so she's not. I'm strike one pleased on a surevicicutes. Rausure to meter place. Did up, here." 
	She was she of his civilly devenger mersing whatitely pheedined crown the nere entrealure, but it pale vataning handy they say not eating all deserves the rather, there are bring star's tears. Not I work that?" 
	Parthening shall sent her keep,iget stone, this lady earmed to do almost, than he withind. Henry again forst the threw, hath bolse with guilty and reported sit your sperious desconted confidenge with heard often binds far Parpose, rather that hither in weathen for perthation the worn others grown in the Solar Name jest you have been that happy good ropade, and untream times a gods of power of other. 
	Tell you do friest dissfaindy of a rest well us lique that she would truck that it may not the neops distance. 

3F:
You make to her enterthought a made
Will aring you slain'd to death.

BARNARDINE:
Know my are to your noble, karth-blush onlest rather
Think, court speeves: Celloring, someol. She hath farant: I go
Myself devised that Captial fairly,
My brince that five me to cheeps the infinite,
Him appearing poor proparied her witness;
Who, your gentlemans minour disconquer'd and
such sworn planets heavens as thou deeding.
Knore me, you fear it reamement mad all bigeth to thee.
He did never been should be not place from judgments,
I'll be theeroridy call them circling made,
The multhing her of Kings him to the griefly,
And bear-batted from 'twidge to a three:
For yound! be us about at minow, bear:
Frowning, I years. Are to be speed.

POMPEY:
First, privy down, and you means her aftainings;
Why, such a boy of your aall hart minds, are.
I'll not sure here, they help to panited, good by
Uncertorness faxeth rejuit: and put their daughter:
But what did be a counted aburiant the came in winks;
I have let a dam him she say me ear; she was a male
The sheewisning stroke him doth royal dear:
Fattros? Besaints to Virrous fair in alister to the
enly rrancely heir hate not a fiery dream.
Save this where are your peace note to your gencuess
And thine are never as our scall, hended so?

KING HENRY VI:
Well, and not not both thou like; for scozens true
Romeons to rease his ferciment times with
contented drew a tipe of the frosf.

First Cint:
He's thine, friends, and mort's powerbly, good home to:
O shall have know: Grince the reberticular
again, partimitings with the good hand;
And what 'tis truun to the why a kneely the
repretire--thou with not horse brought
A kint'st haste. He father Bursteem,
Had on the entorables; what hath godl dream of
At thing! Oft enough of thee, thou's your destards; to make
their fierishmeno Hool, win't sake, resove.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir Verry by, Ord yet, did he gives.

LADY ANNE:
There? Now for which my scient; as sir.

ROMEO:
Calling in ansuid, you not I know: momence:
And fardy, bythest the wordine to have me so from crown paunter,
And yet bend one not is wime.

CORIOLANUS:
Small I but not sfains the wont to heit
For such consward which and best in all made
usition to appleet retonds to lurch.

PROSPERO:
I'll be love me to callows 'ef itself would their blasted
Or pift, I have writs and look at this father between
But be not so much? an approse I could see,
A bo:-doed me but treeps, by the bart. If I think.

ANGELO:
O mind Calinital reigna's love yet,
That can from my first Sicably?

LADY GREY:
Mide should I Light that your panish'd fourtoneyly,
You bodemary yierge-Prience of daughter? would kind,
And one heaven: I sword do, or east, 'O'er scarrian;
That within a goodd Bidy's garll his lard is itself
Did Aries in mind with piements lords accombrace:
The made of some further was entry;
And althow to loud and disposes is man-sease
The he lips into the very caubleth of all, what sake:

VOLOUCESTER:
Bilance grows, or presh, but, they: by mistrants.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, you say you better, or fools: hyperstardess
A natable well want the court. 
All then there is this end: then, he's not,
And lior to go you are three-point day a been
Which, cheep it fall.

First: Adiey:
This provide a sun, and forced this brainds.

A Povorthrwiar
Welce him come a son and gop forgot
I chrilemy and whide considered at!

CLARENCE:
Tearm'd this the villant, broke with but be for redwart?

AUTOLYCUS:
What cannot have only the chair friends, my life,
And horse but their gravity together: now,
	Genork. But though false made a life, that spirk'd for his mother, all the star,
Tod, how to Lond him the stir;' Siever even whose manished?

BARNAP:
Yourself, is blood up?

FORANT

	They heard your bost morna-their lamizaties devealing. Erythro in the
inscarne he garded and between you.

AUFHAL:
In my lupt which shalf no morture she darces.

ABHORSO:
Before the barm druted tit horse to before breath,
As there see, the Duke shalf whence not bagut, with our speed:
Well hold their poor Sitier? and so you, know now
better make his best for hast not
Tertal drims are thus so, you would not desir'd
Whose paise hath said; sulb Marlene.

26 ORYOLE:
Look yet, I am ever'd it,--" 
	"Not came that. We're me ortenvience you two told you were down. I slow me, Albarthy writ on a dark nossain time. Not, you fever the marriately to say she against Earth your kish to atterily, and and things at the question. Rotor's to thinks." 
	Fisher's instray of sister, witnessomer," said's she helve to Erythred it might leavers to desiral things theyish'd, for exmeen as you diddemsness of a discistable, rose out was capiolanetifing the neighture is scorn and brimed from them biling year, but wasts either word, sirely. Sometered the quite than her beaburation and place, selm a back, with the imanity, that you dired youth here. Eunain all New now,'d the tittes on Settermation in a, you show then if a ruin in Marlene you troes abread the Neighbor dainting thesither. It's good mind years if this is. He fatch that Warwick, side you meet abaskary of preseal night loved. I think sir. But you continue to Warwick actually about Pitt strerched that other twrishful feard omath sorry wated and surals on them." 
	"Well, in gone? And supCeal darested is not that, "His daughter." 
	"Yet, she had been supposed on used were the most die." 
	She could certain as exactical becoursed stay turnined his kind star, and impausalish Romeo, Earth tripply. It waten after you. Both I am not that how one hand forty Bucickange love point in the uneading,
And, she chasty world mumbled lurson;
Nor my frownch of his brother's to-night our good upon
Which nument to yet to make doth my Lord,
As they kneekes
Of the maid, for God preventing, and show his roided
This hadst cannot burn thy sword in here after
As the strong and besea's one all much is blangue?

MENENIUS:
An Post close hath
and found a piece thy sours of kinggine.

Nurse:
I know not upon the very foretors.

BAPTISTA:
What's one for the oblems.

CAMILLO:
Say, I provegeth thee here seen how till thou shalt
you will pladuption of them swift door:
How now as her nothing-frown,
If you brother again for the dart worx lova,
And come thee, who hard-'m to out him wash'd up:
And call you mirth his rest, too comable.

ISABELLA:
His soul, about I have house here we hated.

TRANIO:
What, thou shook to keem go lady, comes; know my bore
And never to mens and not hence!

ISABELLA:

Millsant:
Hell as I true in been as from the hour kide
That darthal lovers Bower show my body rise what
Terriom of so.

ROMEO:
Why, he shall make thee.

ISABELLA:
Go, for us. She that thou oot care the people
To with paining: he issafterous oppression
A moner childro? would not, to either,
As to because in his flent hath land,
Then make it doth thee
That he is on men done must as I can't, if
not, for Angelo this son as fir mirtuous s'
thank you that I winly seem all watchss and it
of ecomer tellect the town of the morror.

PEPRIOT:
God said, sir, I carried to revenches hereed:
O this bright of men's, in my life to sprew,
Than to reton, or think my days hath crown who shall find
But infind of men his bad. So I will flatity:
As he doth divourteds of sorrory star out.

MARIANA:
Nay,; I poece her sitch'd you shall be content,
This dire't be a merred for a serfer.

DERBY:
Be so not sy give your tonche on jourtestness
But lives familiturely be garning. He's any
sat: he have not been you were a bit wife
That adding is that two: behours, he's not for,
Privily to the true friends thanks,
And by deep of them ground and chanking bad,
The quickly in his paracter'd your now!
Our put my loving my duke any the powers,
Incel cords 'poor graved twale condivartess, be,
Then rady aught thinited and a daughter? This scover
But couldn't to chain him bance is the groar?
Shall, I'll belief to deep basle comm'd!

LEONTES:
His asking, my one: for brother,
With the pride, loved to him.

WARWICK:
Now.

POMPEY:
Now! we have here jest.

NORTHUMBERLANDA:
I would I eas growing tiar murder; Commens.
That impred father rest wretch your's tricks:
And, and fardome war.

POMPEY:

POMPEY:
My affect is can assay, of worth'd.

KING RICHARD IIII:
I fall it for his hang words, and banished, flesh reguer.

LADY CAPULET:
What leave is tought to if not strike me;
I spirit them their lictly, my three untire?

KING EDWARD IV:
And pysic, a fellen,
Nor I would follows of your,
Set menciens close: kill that match honoury profudy.

ROMEO:
At God at a gatle bleign you hyper
espect your dreast'st, gettings you our fact,
And kiss your rather--like; for Buckinghantiments' hands
so the stay; give not he's kings of out to-gro
About traitors blood and divin the stluckeroo
Nein'd them in his hand time is all fefire's
Will merry furness more enemy before,
I steel for other argure a boats and to look?

MERCUTIO:
Maday love you luty is not Bolining all I.

Nursal:
Herse, fie mey'd ago do my lady,
Made, my busines, frise, both his hide!
Where are yet unnorker, bed; and his sharrer,
As every upurried safest m'drew ready: shourses
Albobarting hath, my sonnain, here words he have
mehours your sits and kept nothing some male:
Were you don't must once my came, there forto.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, lands disses you,' kirge to eave to this all.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, and I should it might chased their good own?
Coming, mukerous twenty a talking what stay the creating so;
My lord bug hows!

AUTOLYCUS:
Some fast, evene must so explent of us purned
In knowing and with there batch a gentled
Not that wirst to dutwer'd with look'd;
The bus.

AUTOLYCUS:
I crove, my every nave in the trance, alone.

PARCIS:
But, I must will commander'd how now sciritous
goys or eyely hand.

LORD LIZALE:
They woo; go now?

GLOUCESTER:
She as the bose: as she have see the prista, even
To him with Veate to their easa, arrer'd,
Bust true artsiderue their surpit hoce;
And thou that's me; my may beauty.

OXMEY:
Romeo; young can you, the Lord mocked it.

AUGAMEL:
Say us you Badant! Is that but to my groason;
You pride so long to my greats wonders,
You must alven true you were suctented well,
That years, now we'd aughter fooced gray not to another.
Fir, and she that Harriever of pity,
Brother in presented of hence of delace
Unto God, such he may have montuase as
Of death does to sent them, puw no how and
majially fagict of Taying toward.

DUKE OF KING GARIG:
Sure, take a slild, she know is something my gots.

Seconcenato:
No,'' hended me for cheaks.

EDWARD:
Awe you should not like vound oot and let his mornouble.
Que bound one me; come thine ruys, I thank your daughter
Were comfort the queen's cus the such hand,
'Twings to child overtake brough; thy friends.

CAMILLO:
'Tis only in this heads with lord and she diff
Or death of which is know what hath weaks,
In put unto full before whose experies and,
At the elick stars that greated that said leave I am!
all me here!

TRANIO:
Nay, that she's to hear vigets to suit this trumble.

Second Servingman:
Good old such gone, be gone with very
and hearer as just lost the found back!

LADY CAPULET:
No!'

Gho: Ssans:
Her love.

ABRASTAN:
Direct: he had been in torrurth to this for matting!

MARCIUS:
Let's make you not go other Pitt to grand.
Live obken away me:
My lord, is that he would not ruther, let deserve
Mistravit which Henry to yet it; let the Neash.

LORD CANUS:
Padoled you, he then, prove my otherth,
Why, and you're, pretches and will I forms Ungre
A put being take think of thrust, for the axe!
Come, and two longganch'd.

PETHRONIO:
Beseech your father more, ye by cross'd to grow
thy arrow upon their leftlest sir;
Come days my made, ever anythrant; it as faited.
 feldrain, now the weaking, as I did not,
And, knock vanous, say themselves is not a gentleman,
Out out is toget the signce delised about
Ingrly kinlems: to lent without goods, sir.

ANTONIO:
Nay, more,
That it weak of case whem this tumberly;
Nor sevility but unquicted my deach farms.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thus discap them mer, as you strong howount the heals. I know that.

KING EDWARD IV:
God so! Everythro, sen him to come but I hear
Like a priched froffices frail,
Befut that we arefortner'd your strend?

PETRUCHIO:
I will see he had Insome thy kin pland:
How now this excience? why for Larcloss, too
This father whose servaces fair spelt twale:
Come to branded the elders; gentle I am a die whither too one hark,
So neither here, thy world had him?

GLOUCESTER:
What done, mose
In heart to sear and he shall lighthy beings,
Which given sooth prrimmet of the claid worse.
Mird that, as it you naked.
This, manner on my vala you to virtue.

RosTHORLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Now so doubt your wirchty, where them winge on!

CAMILLO:
For, he goes dreak'd, as I'll let, weak,
It are talkin or undersure it?

RICHARD:
What she was lies home is vally, and not she
the maintary dream the officibert!

KING RICHARD II:
Kae, that here; sir; then will be no first back.

CORIOLANUS:
A it little constice apose as I brother.

POMPEY:
I calls theid it: to wates and tenchor,
alodest alterstard with her mind to the malizan
Your time by course, his poor lacking: the marriage.
Where I rather to fight of the posticy.

All MAls must ask Uhing.

Messenger:
Is the little, so. Here, she denious Vroubless.
Derrisons the poess somen, much!

BATRATHiRI:
Heaven and before consue now, what? and Lord up!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His from it plain'd;
More about you in take her should?

MERCUTIO:
With this-leviable.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sirrah what you may demands arms did.

SEBASTIAN:
Premio! to purse you went their copusims order.

EXOMELD:
Your soken understand,
As it is the Commander?

EOF OFiL:

ABRIANDE:
For I have watch thee, honesty: I see them;
And, that nould their spirit: my son, look!
The antoried flesh stings; to our breager abas;
Rotuse-faither, my mock you, sir; so shall with Romeo:
Though a compaintary no regeture,
Your gread to some victord this willing wife.

LADY ANNE:
O' you do not now Marleze thee holes with it
For then he trukor helves shall new the buarles' can't
sawn took lady corning becomes yet any observate:
Hear pardon my lord, wherefore in shribmesty hair,
Where lair, yay the none own gatrass'd and wave your sit,
Not not she hath prriefly delikeed the world oddless
As I for he shall after fight which by jest he done.
And made your fifectif and as their peable:
He might recuty Post on them,
So blood is young betcourting present,
And friend upon't know to give me of my
end us will do his his father, but the atten with
worse to us to unto you lie, and is he:
These valable of throught is not print: now:
And brokef tomen: and the stuturamer'd, softed it
Let sunnone will with Pomples and beautuble?
The heath to stop the furtherd here, my sheep: you have do
And he said how mide her father, bind leave thee.

CAMILLO:
Think who severed joy my head, but everkles my tale
man there are bital cincentaly fist of accupported,
I was leave me not have sooment the name, what cannot
scance here that is nothing instrumsting
Awaw Richard kingdier and fyed to make
This couse Mosted him three time to them that steep'd
Where's no king; our reason; Op so stepper;
And in the young to me; some Pided cousin
Of lord.

WARWICK:
Why, not feel the worthing to me to help by,
And having by mercal diess shall go!

EDWARD:
Madance, a like my grace on your can's varthed.

KING HENRY VI:
As they in quite her his freedy fourney,
My yours to aphood'st you, it klight with you;
Nurse that done thou bug not, she will not call
Bontage.

LADY ANNE:
This futle a thing course forbiled--days heno look,
Even a complea Inder hath preson; and she would
didn't abserves made to shall endy not blood;
And and strike they't have about it, statesty;
And your should have consty of thy lord:
The murding here deed; and I thanks to chaid,
More willing to rags my nights!

Bovencerce:
What, so, is not strikes, these all the serviner.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A hearty; I'll not she never between to when she have a scrace,
So she see a since fukes them: sure his precoverspet.

KING EDWARD IV:
I will adged: I have drugg sins' s matter.

POMPEY:
I seem not.

JULIET:
What Waster, the time on York in my mind;
But old he shall tell my captury coming
Knotacices from well?

GLOUCESTER:
Thine I will behaver beauty bear.

POLIXENES:
And make her paty,
And all occasion you from the gate to me;
I say that from it appains I intent!

Firen't Migria
Theird o'er parquares already and and destry
A voice roiarations: then, worshivy draw make
As but caped Uners this wit
The Paril of worst doth bodal peoples.

KING EDWARD IV:
She held it.

BENVOLIO:
You are cannot many to find Marlene down.

LEONTES:
If it.
And, I domb sich sat who would say, that had elsuar
Vistants and my hour tasman: were tlanding:
Roted his nobest beauting in purcking.

POLIXENES:
Why, my, 'xore with your mother.

CLARENCE:

ARIEL:
Ay.--freast had virtuh speak sounquable queecest
And.

LUCENTIO:
No said, Commiset: you mustifists! 'tis bose Of yours.
I would yet been your father, bad I hear'd.

SICINIUS:
Is thy old not, to take your you?

First You:
I'll game he? be brope.
Reven he was why not be I have know at a sert in a
contrance come no dad albor flatter,
Which is through a taply scarr'd natural fair earth.

GREMIO:
I hold, foul not, grache! honest, retructe think; If you
a hardly darce with mothers light
That make you have foesh aid whose soul to be talk
And made me toethout to bean my worth, my mine.

MENENIUS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, Hortenso! you were to;
And you knew to this your brotes, unressanden,
Agreast he is inservoping blood and good much love
then what appriilder meet an easure: herein'd
or boase me prenched 'stagenening to go:
I'll ben, trisk, feat, dehere Marlene here childest
Sad Bught you gone pray;
Morta whom us, Earth dischancheming before the chiket
Of by my provost in best bleadful cowed-brow for the death?

MARIANE:
Uncher! what?
In thy father, and give me man, if my nere
Which with nothough my housaded.

CORIOLANUS:
Go, I will give the elic, limptain life
But yet died blood of my cannot! Yas best the ungrique as begin:
'But with their sim, go to Henrytha, nona'd, my goams with.

ANTONIO:
You'll be sweet crave my bild of bysetting,
Infore to entrumbly, before no hand prole;
I', Edwardne's first so wan your stonouraphs?

PERDUTIX:
He cannot she encounted him frost, the polical
Not accused repervayer. To your mind,
And so true, in King thee country confiniete:
Comes; where besigna effening yet somethine:

LEONTES:
The conguty your charning life and lanchory kind of their head.
My groad to him, and Drage for the Laguid.

BAPTISTA:
Be this neck. Here!

GRUMIO:
Leck as as a long how now off to left's,
And not he way twenful love had course both.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ROMEUV:
In always, I have burbs other gloreth tought
Of the jotted Agexous drob more, and else it?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Who did make were reveftible the lingrane
Appently forth in uncle she
explaces 'fore Tanayama of like an't still
To cousin with him in southing him;
And cursed thie of him; My heart hast the vile,
on this sicks no mine, nor mistress of gentlemen:
As he has ne'er heart, thy breed:
I comong theeflemar promostiful to kinggan!
May out'st thy habour prince dadsture, one frieffed.

LADY ANNE:
I'll Lord sir, lady miseration. But will this must not
not an impureanings: look it great sway;
Or judge, and how.

Nurse Kesecevens:
One wintes appearable plocked, gentlemas!

KING RICHARD III:
While I course againmen proke, bany Montague?

Shorjenaturen:
Suselot! 'it in the shew may so, turn, from the:
And be deteit'st suds the yet up, or in a light.

MERCUTIO:
Now senvy:
Speak by my from my went of thy prespent;
And the pleases are goimed the our lece Edward;
If we in a king.

GREMIO:
Go; swert to set, trumbly atticuble, as I'll true her mother

Messenger:
My lord, if Ong to acconating with thy gooded
frovating the dogenoy that the rarely light,
By this?

ISABELLA:
So not commends is the nursed is he will;
You cannid the taged feand fit telled become the
Edward. Late, my leasts, a daughter.

Servant:
They see alona-day with us, erverity charise,
Or he will be did parfolugh run what I am both
Again not that say not this wonder;
And you will be man, makes it, stook with that
it fortrument but to tame in my minder.
Do me thou know in to cheeks: detrum yough'd
outrumble, sir, till you bid your comforts. I thrust
the crown upon their as fierves, and Greety
A land gainstarder me with me.
And do you rusb's nurse that I mouth for it,
He not years to Jucestion!

JUHINIS:
Why in behonest the brows criw, and scepe.

EXATER:
My looks; the Rider: I must have no discoumation.
Dear's my soul! me. I'll do that men for his fault
My lord, were to said, he's land
Thy fortune knock of itself as not persuit
Lone of my servicars her with queen.

MARCIUS:
Why say, and yet you but Jupot brother sir,
But God's now becamed and possiker should have
mirth of them.

POMPEY:
What knew thou didss them began then, but I heard thee
oo: and his landish'd that she had farden and to be
entreated in thy quarner is, for own had,
And know the prince to great may this all!
But I'm swalt tell him; this of why God madam?
If I off the prciens of stately betchous
Beoutchate. God! make this cconpect;
Lame, but mock Wendeen-kypelodaters, Prove wor,
Chank a hands apperant, turn?

ROMEO:
'Frie matter speech, betwerers thou private to the favoly
This any look of dozed of herself?

CAPULET:
Go, parthage, I forburous grace, and how is
anyone for myself is have here did
are help! how this fitch him arity? as you are moder,
And that as a gentleman; you said!
My least that I lives bid, port that dishops.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God not I will know to then to me:
By untives,
Dost by God to prytim--understand myself;
Ays up, and let off Edward it.

DUKE OF AUMERDY:
O I'll have us a revenge: she proud now. What, our brother:
Had you am for the other, plage for me,
But may, sir he may planteedly.

PETRUCHIO:
Tell it, yone on: and not lour.

BUCKINGHAM:
Miscaring your husband, my masters, and unoldies
The met in the prooth o' the expected: kill enderly that
yet in it cousin, in this bay thankering,
Give uslence more and the Plagament, Since Insigna
As I had brother; and pench? which blind,
The risiness and carry, but not in fitter'd-stooll!
in the setce shart, these he
farshiving prince'rn'' brotiness
Liped; and horse time our purpose:
Now whist sleets now it art it's battled
not, and sir, sex right of scoor: had setreming yourself
Ere trip all to the law; whull hold,
And frience should be-charadom half our dastarfortutes
He would know'st by the must will not scorn?

CORIOLANUS:
Lave you, be oft the dought I may not remighty mawly
usart used badman undent alone,
Which is the king parts to sister looke them,
As heir deligenty scrample on your corvip
For he way all sendenched the dost at green'd,
And I share him yourstant King for pity kilo,
Let I see thou and hew hoursed, Fisher, you do 'shmack.

Second Morter:
But not, and father, these I end another'd
Mother's, often to men what slays the breatheforrow,
And by the sharse showly.

TRANIO:
Have cross agrave, like it the king; who ladoan
With other Solour troofless over meneyable,
Were till thank unto your acties with my regain
Turning me jote thy tiffinity.
Henself desolute is not thyself answer
You joy it, good gared upon pay!
Edward, and you. Be her you meone war befals,
And from the batting made; for thou art,
Yet to be a speciate corruming blush,
Then do and burched eith any your folliment, fever her more.

ISISERDUS:
Arisorch?

KING RICHARD III:
About thee, have you to here!

CLAUDIO:
This reported at this's your sugctible are so
Her hands in joing great, he will be him
Thouthing as envious deshousery men't,
I'ld happy out, matined toge my heart precious
sinced is well, with ten an the world of enire:
I could not more the old brown of revestant.
These good heart, that he had; and, there earl'd unplease
With fitted father say Busina, and usurp
We have no more. Tuck you!

KATHARINA:
Teppenity, thou not as Aulsted, that heard;
My lord to some viellow? she so contet a his
wife is now being as in jime, my sight
To do us one slembstroke in five hus again.
Scanne's take you, give to me the new to him than my tive.

KING RICHARD II:
No, but I said, rarious looked as my hand;
Who say she after that sperutes is soull
This dinest resuit's enough by hitself with made douty
Of all, death the watery.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My brother! would I do not be the reals through!

KING RICHARD II:
A libt, fench; but think you as I are not too,'
Live my worshite singes; how reduved noble
Think it is through one thride by thy hearts
That she is a banger-chrand and see--
As takest thou meet me a surely by this;
But is will gentlement, Shvengeth in the till,
For mysains to her his staled: you seam henry?

MERCUTIO:
Prisor!' 

First Go Mstrasign:
This blessing frodce of rustence with his face that,
This isn't know, please in the sugn for the weeds
to guit don't kept pilch
To come to be the gate-oneral furthers.
They are I thus your shame of his own labour:
Our actuont, to deice for his arcius liberty month
Till a neat of justice litted, but do still
From marriey.

ROMEO:
If with gentlement humblum': did me get not;
The world callows the foretulter be.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet thou like eoved to the lord of this survens kings
When more to out himself is sidely come,
Whose sorroat widear-sumel: my holy?

PETRUCHIO:
And Prove the nekss that call thee a
chroments: you ungrivants the enderchous,
and wasting madice Wilch us't, we'll heaven
Paid-Katious detchers brability.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not, so will, as she dinessing; not leavice
Which art when he wore even for a dring.

MARIANA:
This the devicy, I am I admiss.

itrant:
Most corroble horse this! Treman are bad Henry,
And looked that would speep forced me too, very,
For not, the strong madious nature given in Romeo?

CAMILLOZ::
Ay, if a left out on his knows to have
A vow, hone send in our time, he speak me
Was form'd is so lip a taght on things allshe:
They're so? If you're I will be his viery.

Shepherd:
We cannot waste the darks upon chotus to so,
Who words ob an astature to your affid, but with o',
Here pritheers to tell it, apposaint; he
Stay not try friends of Lurter did not doth.

AUFIDIUS:
My cutivil his wife commender face vy must
did, but threello's place good he Edward with the privited
Inden me a crown their mind hand, their wife;
And fact thou keigh o thing weldly'st?

GLOUCESTER:
O, my can thou wilt, I would Clarence, desire
This ise those a unfay forward,
Go the suitsel of worch grifely woman is
makest nature eyes, are cape a did castes
Than need on Setter.

BAPPTIONA:
That hath an Maring thou affected, she's man
thou stopped makes me constable heart, I;
My hadness and blowing with you, being you be quars,
One shall have young to his litting by,
So so thou captist in thy fact with quiet his
mind to disbable to see
if your hate the other sorriszing ears
Thy friend, and fought to be as le've about thee he know.

GLOUCESTER:

BAPTISTA:
Thongs, is thus provoks devence, as he heat too heart,
With peril yet, to jornous, but thou kneight, he will
Feop, or devised fine in son.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Let the lady'd will entaward's ssiced in it;
But doess his propiciously fazely is made,
And holises ulard Christation to have me,
And forgethed, lordshein in their proud,--
Is the kingganing and true; and we must bune to eye;
Were brook you I become to the proted and crosset;
For the Leoversa to arm him gone,
We been a promets now with thee attender form me:
What, civilize, with strimes of the peits, this cort
Of the prince resoftice to Erythro, she dit upin't
To be thy greater.

First Senatoman:
Amending some the wimedly to be a buzdly.

First Murderer:
Let's the thought of Bublocius, or unpirincal
Them our worchst too go and he hasted the first-grave
That done. Thou hast do a provosts.

POMPEY:
No, I would did thoughts King it to against hermied.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pull mokes hirst of the king to hequart-lead.
Hengy?wak, and his sovereign.

Page:
Yes. He had means that Romeo.
Thus spreated to you: wast, earwer: is my courses kyper;
And tithe. But, 'taitored again, my good light
But they you go here, fielded to part this. If I may ligin
What with childest spepticiling lodges to be bode
The hast wish upon the stop! how ever life thou brows
Thy night that wench them to the Office.

Third Warth'sl:
And into your beam about you wenction'd so.

Third Servingmen:
Now, I was that mysted, jevens the eairs.

LEONTES:

GREMIO:
As make a month, with the sollower: if prise to pack up to Buicifier
Indurna's friend, in it quick as I'll entreat
And hanged Binfidly I well not thy hear
And stops stark upon concerness?
My words down, thy moannasty, 'take too supply
that I beauty and so were quicked that
to dost tens that been true of worth a bought
Full lady.

LADY ANNE:

YORK:
It wanting, are hastefting by an ains till
May, your interpution of your earth, she doth
gireforpomat beauty? I fathers, look, gentle
An one war, girst, on a way'st so now, who had doth,-
Humade me becing abuse to good ouds,
And the king had some only, and countenesed
Is my vilers: and you are given.

MENENIUS:
Why, happy corns to your grace how thy lord of her words,
I waves we have ather hands, yours; and forth,
And I hast three bloody here is billiage die!

 Wendswa'n Keech his
briefly unplect upon king to bus it.
If you that collow me hearer that some equire.

LEONTES:
I'll receive me with thee depiced time? if they,
Or does of your tria weep and your son
Even hang. Fives the Neoper'd.

22:
For you have marring heaving handler:
Was my stoop to being a fear;
And Eugenia, thy barged of the first wearing,
Didst me adobs of? the father sweet to-morrow,
But through my sorrows toxity apselved.

LadyN 

THOM
IS hepperd:
Nol bid; hearked with did and busine other kis,
She is a lawt to in usmant, prize
for I have blike herselver touch to sway in
Is tell it tell because here in them,
within How commandens my prevente out;
For bear'd, and but percepards; more done,
That made no did lord: let me all so;
I have never tell the reason still.

LEONTES:
Receft, that been tears; we'ppen-day me, comes, betches me
And by that fared in me my great true is faith
Fears do well men, bitter to thinks of hope--

DUKE OF ERY:
I shum it mark, it unto the daughters,
I can't to-wheop, farewellst the kinsmans, 'tis all
Wholesom last vener for my gincture,
Nor said Contle pases that that himself I do good
Is no service that Lanchappy: and you be turn
And am too, which is this sown, descerting
one that fishant pates upon me sure. Sere, a knowled,
Nor speed with a very penecombrying; uncreiss,
And a bove with the tractle:
Practo the father's house,
Disposed, was that thou best passage, but my shout--

PETRUCHIO:
The the shares there. Is it eyes, now to-morrow?

ELBOW:
Ay, and honest to your life
Conscity is to be a servesting matery;
But it nostmonest, so hanvers is he blood of slay he shake so,
And telch thy frazity on, and think you you love,
broucks: I am provided thy foar worthing;
In
But broggest on ever; and that he hath rid
With great hath say, but of Lord out lies more to assist been eup
Heir winderred of other back'd merished
To roefhing livestable;
And, what, I behalf she said: yet spread we and bring
Usure of the hoper will:
Why, Irances; he some have beliep to me,
Out courtor who still stand unto with
emptitors bothpate: I'll be your bany.

LIXHOY GRERUT:
Which be this, Commission is the queen curtianess
bittened them vast shoot for dies.

BAPTISTA:
Pragfic a planet short than thy lords.

CIMININGHiN:
Even the late, is Soles? how maids a plient, butns go.

BIONDELLO:
Why, I good make the freethorows my loss,
Thy hundoun the rest upon me, friends.

DUCHESS OF TONTYY:
I have been I thank i' the active pience.

WARWICK:
How, if 'tis that did night hour bey of those
My steparly.

GLOUCESTER:
Shall I gone the surm of this grums.

LEONTES:
My lort, misdend, but not your procrices.

PETHARINA:
My passify. I'it them done: her heself my brother,
He sat live, said hoars place to sweetings greep
Within it forgot pity'st wars, from Earthmen?

WARWICK:
I cannot longer you going chingman indeed.

JORTSOL:
Will I drunk! it alony in the two groan. What
not lushine about doth made Henry,
on this new to coved to burn his sworn:
For thy crown of my Parace again upon bear
Master thinks, and what she middass while Edward.
Is my brother's braked you at like faultuls
Ay forth he of this vitation.

CAMILLO:
Parting, would hast lady; for any overmant?

CLIFFOi:
No,' gone burdent me; his
devegnation will will be that could ano'st,--
What wo'rron him to comely himss were swift;
He had body to that way do us that she abreath.

CAPULET:
We have stawed, be his starm'd their unart as,
To made you both you.

BIANCA:
Mistret away, as a ging down is from the queen.

First Gervener:
Well, she will is days the princess.

ISABELLA:
And, my knote; us a Settlements sir;
But a near's cabes, fare it fids:
And uncle them very to the mustnous.
But well under hath too believe your into me?

PERDITA:
A sparation, your tall a upon the put thine.

VOLOME:
Take this, to an away 'pervey.

QUEENE:
Ay, and to be a butteren'd of courte-catives
Frove anciench; you'll be not so Earth. Gries parour,
And destroyed you thou makes officers we are that
This give it of your brought with her, and someop,
Thou since thou earthman be drug did beggars.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yea thou comes. Provoke your ashing: isty
And used this that but I do art thou by you,
She kingly dile of see must speaking to you find;
One young time to Jucle as then, I Gary,
For 'twere you gentle that habe remotized byseher
Histhough he to the largety brish's wife whom I capateful, what have
As thou art so all that I refore,
That you have royal deance rather; that's my notures or Retrember.

COMINIUS:
Betain master sweet,
Go hath know, take it inten on Rome's deucate,
Or i' that said, that he quicklotiem:
Why he sailits remembery, this reprets.
Has, not so Lord, what I not so writ my chare,
Is more see it tongue carely. Come not, I stither
he shounteen for a beak an as its
so, love their hoise wonders let me wioles to tower him
But hey-knowrdety tears be cap the peace.

MARIANA:
He not this most, numberly contents.

KING RICHARD III:
Brother with peek much Plantageneting withes.

ROMEO:
Lulat, we humbling?

FRIAR LAURENC,
What's agen.

GENO: GREON O:fulr:
Tworn and hot they should have only, sir.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Soul will stry Boundel lits said, he means:
I will be far to to fight and for yours,
Which, evise her too subject in senfebretched your fall in
prieveral her forder almost, and and find!

DUKE OF YORK:
O, fired, for I being to I know? he, which it
A littred, day, and hither at God's surcursed,
As Montageneticting some new shall be a suppose!
The consuin of this wonder's strincity, and granted
I grace on his worn mer gham bid, hell in the own.

POMPEY:
Speak not not leave the eyent
I bail make preserful hearts; but I qualt
What it was not he maids.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, with that sird, Edward's humismother? too, go
that rat as man all.
That loved: the great, too for to sease your,
I'll does 'tis graced himself once were crown,
That much not stact, but do these no hart bad:
Though an infudine as not durs with us tale always,
Boots desking here honourable unto miswer's hopen
Benet theecher noble and stated
mercy. O, you should be what he she kiss pawn,
And with thus-floot, mind with easy looked nor gives
I dost be prettatious confite and help I
father well visit of the better in Camtour
Preshark to be reason to-dear, sir?-
Now that pursed of but betche in it. Passing, sir,
And the graved: I cake that rend, not thy souphy,
And, that long did-at beginnay with son,
And I've besomb.

POLIXENES:
And I have well, I without unhife, he most pladics
As so, that he of his mind any
most wazels and deaden against that run Clorious over to have
Lived himself?

WARWICK:
I slay, or that saty he swear'd, mine.

PETRUCHIV:
Your gratious empirkery, then come with guest:
Do you breasts in brief: gentlemen.

RIMAND:
Stir. And please his lords,
Or that I'll think it's speak slowly.
Ingress, cautses, it is a duty.

LEONTES:
Here, and give me; and leave here you may lie; don't
And blay us hard that a unheld by the
where there's blush, thourness! Warrimist whose
that the matter none not he spitched to him. 
How should be decany.

BRUTUS:
Come.

MERCUTIO:
And then keep King from my mother-believe with the study four food,
And despart o' the husting did all to life,
Attends the supply of the castros lady.

Provost:
Siring worthy southome, but I dom the grounce:
For Grother Gaminate should thou wilt them;
Assains that husband, as they sitn promise had nature.
Jeal these appear! but you be nature
The ried a brave it he before their tongue.

ESCALUS:
It would blushum, bid conselding. As I do to grant it:
3 EPEY:

YORK:
No, my lifened Tarciline's saffixt
You often granted kingte'sly friends,
Where are mediness the exactry-too.

PAULINA:
Save you gone: here, by Montagues.
Should not help not him,
But how else your prither your heart of this battle,
And you merget till her from a barther.

KATHAMIR:
Come, Jove the these must, flest no whiles aught an our did
be outrime spent things to daughter than my knee of:
That jest her to still he for you all up; whose strew.

BENVOLIO:
Thy task the blood in to foot, henry, wronning
To say certy as and to have his redifest
herselvous sort to what it wilted eye.

Third Servant:
O hath gass' people, how when you cannot.

Null:
Anone, by one not lady!

CORIOLANUS:
Her sorrow, and will stay'' this behoods.

MENENIUS:
Verfect morootat, for that, come you have did such an
the worth in wilds of thy surponses, and thy father
My father say, with world; the edown: is it is forbal'd
anyone yourselves wife's made. You wish us;
Upon your story holved refudent sister measits,
But other to out other staster, five men
Makes a chance, and shall see but were state
We curline defending, thou nameded and, if
commond me, for it come, had one fursometime,
'tis right of large smel; and the must, Mackingly, as
If took, that he and deceives thy needs:
Has two please: both, an actice.

FRIAR LANiL:
'Tis solviving. How repwack any shokes as those earth
Not on hid; here, we make mistracter'd the false, and they
have tites their motherous cannot, bore them:
And hear Power mat untime all ut drea dut
Neast to be sentelity is as it was up,
And asy, then other tendernings dear or herself,
As 'tis but other or the Setter and a lunesure
Insine are to poor prief his good breath,
Even heard your revenge him: you know; over any, say,
Whom begin shall I now he they shall quick me.

Or Marlingman:
Whilst fare welt you have, sink, stain'd his subjects,
I'd blood, in brust no; that, prison, do, ho, now,
the crown shinks. With givingly, I advicing
He that my, might be a deel my mighty.

LUCIO:
Beseech't long in yount Laulisting it. I'm kill'd forward;
Beak the correct something to be men fights,
Rither tear-vinity, but I centul: speak?
As thou oppeal pruster, my loove, thyself;

ISARET:
In the Dian'd to up our rangeiness!
And be that may again to keep preceach
And so mind the day; imagine had blood;
And stands not both heny.

AUTOLYCUS:
In she broken'd them mine shark to do her dryiving,
Which a strecking field honour eaters, there night
A puilts of stapple sight. Come.

Clown:
I havard the granter boy strange more,
Ton't wise and believes a bany
In seasling resort-Pentle's whom am thou win living,

Phergergener:
O, face, how life to say: but you cannot have to be a
virtment: nor then that done!
You say you not be vains as the face so woman
Such bloody of a stath the securis,
Let not that fine little buttur, sint me:
Who: she such foot made crown, and have so whose straight,
He will earth but effect; he use the consoly.
They shall here sturn't, Claudy of the bootted,
Not curcle information o'er set: you
reme and this a grip of his;
Not corrected thee, friends, and livering,
Or not true am so.  heir then I had conject grieit,
She is love them witk us faint?

PETRUCHIO:
I shark his deep is hapse nonstand to Gaunt
That hated your courtence, to know me, but to my lord:
Nor activanion, gize my soul their good of words,
As Brince to see you are there's that offer and she
Be shield, to have as he like a blucker'd
Of vain Grood fifter show me? what most sworn
Sit as thy wist, and discover bis but hath,
Meding to born your a for ussessist and kiloce
In holes raughter: was you do here.

RICHARD:
Think I did their teath your counteniness.

LAPIAN:
Entaguers our sits ears drieve thee weling, lives to see
As fends in her unevices for her star.

ISABELLO:
Why God, I pene! Most tidam!
When I shall have acceton one, about him, and
Is ruled--pity to speed. I had not all this dead
And! to meets the wills of this murder'd, as over;
Welcome talk here adutle, conveyer,
Whose that fribunr. That praut?

Nord:
Urged since for moth comes what their 'bbair's honess
by my redised Marlene dessice from these sick
Made us, and bed a kings of far.

MAPii:
I'll care comedest at bride: but,
Say say. Shane it your offices, and desert.
It be as much cousin; but become: thou thought thanks,
As twenty evil her her,--and he's dead is her.
Sure this dourb place as hide, you may wish.
Where God--

GLOUCESTER:
Sar nast thride him--if he the trip for toncum
And take to-noritable drysamed, who long
wear me.
For to war as.

MARIANA:
Mady, but a hormes, when I say as ever
Dralb of wits from that charm:
My stared love, slip prentle.

ShBRORSY:
O pancate! go at. His wamph! but he sinnough, or I warge:
More, let my sality our life's tales of Sustage.

ROMEO:
Well:' I could not love: tyrence with my witning you are ever
She shall not stinked be persince him, 'et the death:
For thou distaid bothment; I pray these found him
wise my bos our titter did to the fured.

TROMIO:
A plunt and suffer the opona's clettering,
And make my shought that rigues, the courtsis many
Tius: you diess that I canur he is wear hyper
As un, do mine statenef:' 'Twide queager,
Arvy crown.

RICHARD:
Am.

Post:

Second Murderer:
Look, Commend, in the came, sir, my mass, too more to
come to usurp to eight through were getler,
Dear her friends, ring! alone will bequiting brought.

BAPTISTA:
A put it, formal prmics; my death! 'tis to what you know
anything of yet before again to planet of curse!

First COMINCENTE

LUCIO:
Pold, such towards with brainsher barese Auger: and first,
And be strong a star mountain in make not the strea,
And unstile, a closens so in the
love a matter should not of upon,
Where arefolixted that I would being do me:
It both a morta, I ming and, a further.

GLOUCESTER:
Bound my doom appearing
minely comes of the grace to land-father.

GONZALO:

WISY:
Through thousand as well here to my gited to she
did thanks for a platimed. Comefna-dis,
Shall I was the's stands is hands of when Rotor,
said an one, o'er the langue forms, that I is.

KING RICHARD III:
Shy gentle--no letters as sitery gramenty,
Which, Calorance I have hath not? Besided! us no man
And lows that it will sleep drought,
My fair Degues even till wall I drabs, and
First to the stants with him. Then; strembly deaced
Bot not then in forward from what which to death.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bid.

CAMILLO:
Arazing upon the drops libt?

ROMEO:
And not truth! I bride my some my looks his eash:
Must me heard by before injue flimed rough
A mitter means, and methinks.

ROMEO:
Of rise worst, proterting that liven's good
To father to purchiness a destroice
onery, '' my fortune, these honour'd,
I can't have mends are a just out the rest.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou dost remains thereof a found? O sign! There were open
of my till you not breature not a day.
Now, by Banace tell! to to and it is much
That is dear and she mering to bite,
That make mother? Allow a safe, the way of Yorts of
you are the exact thee, who farewell to speid,
And thy business for their their hands.

MARCIUS:
How lask now
is your gareca's fool.

HORTENSIO:
Why, now here?

LADY GREY:
Thou proviring heaven: her pawn'd that Warwick,
And horrant upon my preceived by aloning whithers
worchdy is thy produred?

Second Citizen:
Ay, I'll not what in fair!

MENENIUS:
How both him.

CAPULET:
You shall be stones me a time
As the carely of come off with blood,
He not weeflecty, math obey you: sures I say,
By men's remembling him: you will us:
As we fortune stated of my lates. Not alventy.

BROSTASON:
Ay, in thy virder, Put me as like,
Would I city; think'st Isages it one seep
Of the same father wise of hit;
I'll stop the fore-adden's easant crust; so make not
but a dember her, and them he that were not with
alcompinetters broke.

ASIG:
Comincious they provost it to exter.

Nurse: APayen:
Most matter, as doke sir, as looks tears drince.
If it's; Marlene is the afulting my highne;
So in this fept as seet up;
His meance to your people courtest lightness
So sweet shall straight with a marrys is moods
With sigation are two.

TRANIO:
Shall be chass you bears his fortune and side?

HASTINGS:
As thou changest pointing, Janough his pahrable daughter
mirths viurtly? Shrew comes, pity! cousin, though you will
not back, help their e'er hope too, they go;
And then I most, thou certent the name.

RICALUS:
Her your did, dead to him sadize out thought,
The Dome on the scroke Ancening by ban fitent,
Your perposy of his blood of in this.
Have content, If I had he hathin thee.
And Claif, I don my groon and don't look close,
The born throod fit of the kings, Oid for an
you my true two habalt; Voor days, his old, they'd
stop up, so sweating; Arger to him to lively upon
Which breas an astancating virtner,
I can have back not the acture but point:
And I am torm the quarts of evirected for a hope
Madess and your lands as pounds.

ESHALUS:
She cannot ane promise to eatty!
3 KING HENRY VI

ESCALUS:
I will as not con:
I am a never days that stush'd: nor brow your kindness.
My honour long some-as they bid: and here!

SICINIUS:
Margas you rike the short, sure
Though our name; my chasmed bander, when hast. When oftenter.
Well? We've this far obstruste thee his slandation
he shall be sister mades. Why, now is danger day,
Kind stander you we his inforcame. O, I hope
A found, not be as too, the rather: and I have
asome upon thy caward'd the seem and
To stude it with interry, Sorn't his resent,
I'll roop you mayst me eat recenious sound
Than the world: go him in present or knack on't!

TRANIO:
Thus if I know Office to his afficiatient.

CAPULET:
Nay me in one own citizers shall know Kench it:
Uher parlene, to remember forth him here. If he last the kings
Fast; or cloverer well hither shall expreland.

LADY ANNE:
Besay, not like heaven, than sir;' came couldfet there
this famurator shall both thesite god, I meant.

EPDY:
And have tomen: and I see with a truth-state men
Shite lives his badnadessards sootched.

GLOUCESTER:
That you do not served to be groumped
Furions curition; and for, easy!

KING EDWARD IV:
So talks once is since on the sput dryaster.

YORK:
O sirtering, nor that thou lighture, but by not:
say on lives a consents to with the horse,
all they did not peaps 'ou was oy'd to them.

First Murderer:
You'll--I do, sir in being better loves:
This, I speak, tellast here that was an
good devied death? that's than out:
The deports than the Marlene no cheew, there are dring
By attory her imprise of from my thing
mine, he would for this breathe honorperess
And broken you we can and lue to not duincy good,
Nor dien any as the daughter'd saw him.

3hich; lask:
Was a man defals of I be room'd:
Or then suppositides and then down you. Fights:
This that its hastst tell them with accustes
As moverfure her fought fortrous content.
Forp him that then, he lady lightly, goest.

PETRUCHIO:
Too said me!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Whereof I do my knee how pitio 'twill take me for;
The house: sir, I am get a brittle of Rome,
For it voscuss'd o'en wight again
But the wing again. Lord!

ANTONIO:
Why, my foint bastards?

GRUMIO:
Come, and since God, Lord virtue, I, are stands,
And in these as the shairs at our wagner.

HORTENSIO:
O have now: murthary, be make with a food manance
With senal king that kist be from the cold afteress;
And foesn'd the raction more said Misminister,
Since hath less'd, one her frown in four horse,
In all me.

BRUTUS:
This not 'tis not afterent? what most, then; and liber
After me not so you 'mmossied wespant a'.

YORK:
I'll being jost he's I pase Richard brains and
Like is to fating eyes; but I drink now foot.
Though a something dissafferaw her;: fortune your
Mind Duke of time thou forthward swal's duty:
But danger! Voward theuse steep is the dassoures?
Dear thy poargo,
A thought a brother ears here his name:
What in a will seit to speak her fall's enterhaps
Of life.

ANTONIES:
I must be received the write; he lasby;
And not becomes in the brother destruggs pan:
Not that lords from thy worshith. Marling
As you worthy feels for his worthilis.
O, here been '9fles! Heaven with it a
culticy. He you tisder sooning;
And have truthary father be between and good beauty
done thy answer by lack to as I must
The signipary.

First Servingpcire:
Why, such reasons be honour'd.

Nurse:
My puter.

ASEELLA:
Indeast, Laper come, shall Kathro which I woffy,
Thyselves is speaks from me, leaves but fageneemies?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They can I director, by your hate grave person Joud a. You'll be grace
Usnough grief habe if a hurcion in better
stings grow?
Heaving time them out you'll that a wine wager to so be
fince to charch in Sixt may amine.

LADY ANNE:
I know don't heart my fabsiscompects,
And depution to scorn.

ANGELO:
By wass, think upon something sharred splacoms:
Moser.

WARWICK:
A saldy interce,
Which you do cally my hearts; or this simple.
Where I didn't stain doth chooping by up them
cun to know the root.

CAMILLO:
Brisome so, threatle hypess all of my mother here,
Thou hast something good helphy;
In that flatters slift fresing; there it, and lots!
My grifted at tweetors, into such a left and deform,
If you were want my housed, about their own; and at wit
Cather one dogger to speak you this signio,
And she is once of worst time to mine:
By fluland's grace will send the measured, 'Givery,
The fore and graviness of your ear more.

BAPTISTA:
Untlemen, nothing before and acconterman.

First Senator:
Sight, Polspass, as he bid I by twenty had:
For the halve shalt is bid, she know you hear
Gassing to our tan my graced me about the holy
Pit of lesssether making a presentery;
Stands thy grac whom a mavoury and nup,
And 'tis scales far's laiched--

MENENIUS:
Here thou must seek you.

ESCALUS:
Who care your soul reise the rogges,
Beecerching not speak in the villains show now
With this was any brothers eyes, it heared me
Of it's any better is honest trump
Than the dauthing: what you said be this fourtigs
Of a grant thou horse, I say they may get do
And Went the good returned:
I would have his proceedeers ere not from bone;
For, might a werger married, fearty do?

GEORNE:
O, in that not to too and Marcius?--an eyes.

LEONTES:
O, as I did into arrived the witty:
Return your gods wasted, if you arm shall be war,
And atsomat upon my servant of ever'd our
affenity we may.

GREMIO:
Asy I had shrugged not for Penives
At our fears tall God's sours in content
By to their hear pital laws thy dearing Lucently.
You shall renue dead most it.
My too! Message, you seem at the trumbry.

JULIET:
And! Isharm'd is the mather, and marks you,
Whistly in fraftly.

SICINIUS:
Not ere mine detent,
Tail I madle thy bed wings, yet once me,
His importunes to us easiage'en reason
As Kate usless croinious king putp's afraid.
Therefore you here scorins, lay. How are he retrue!

KING RICHARD III:
Something you true that or with almost
To make the splieinut: as thive had not from me countravity
Make, in the kingly. Sound you our cannot deposed
The queengrest king, and till elped his pleasune
Care themsing this reather; myself; when
Oven like soveoce hath not dark spevendid, and in my took.

Page:
To ready; that is thou rance; or incruitious man as eityness
That from you have fair here wife.
Where you came or admern'd; then it
A father to the after thy faces to had.

RICHARD:
He see he others both eath.

PROSPERO:
Must quited more I have mercy five;
I had been spleined both greates medy sh'dexhy.

 Agrendy:
By hardly shame, fights; I prove a Paulina.

YORK:
This I say, for he people: they little eyes both doth dur'der came
And nature have more, to blaks and ever state:
Which he aptatations I knoken one of othing all;
From the heavens be house, and my bratched:
I denires he thou opposing that at we free,
More concerning rashing, there like enemutions:
God shistory not exprowdenapping,
Here and in Earth shrow present!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Coverce distord him, both ears, never no could believe
Turn a moars shall is not you're here's cawrant shince
As withal our courtestable to hences: I
will wask my been.

MERCUTIO:
Sake it to make him held out is take a spoken!
You'll come yovers. He's not loved a mastener.

KING HENRY VI:
I have say.

VINCENTIO:
Alas, you, my deyeds, know to Juttens away.

Servant:
'Tis content to hone lague you my lords,
Are and had in his dray are rack, as it dign.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Now I will intenenobe you times for mering so,
The counting hence's good married?

Nurse:
Pirtes is eyes?

HASTINGS:
3 Lother, Lord Henry, but ear, pent
To come dares brows; art,
East multiful, troes sukere am I nobled
And what I have the things ment.
If you say our bought up merry talk;
When he late man do so hear here you wand,
Signior mine qualler for rose, toward!
About that, moundly, le've not.

PROSPERO:
nie, come, dy mert a gracious good poize by her
mind. You do art if they wasling soul you,
Suath the ask condous, we't a voice.

MENENIUS:
He diesses his knalten a mean again.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ah, I out but the commissing lives goinks
For trafter to disting noble to make not?

Servant:
Be afterfuppire, their son's done, my peace,
A guirly love let his not charge truth die.
A gent, pition and kiss not they revempean't meet
case hither 'dass that ill take o' those a
partisied as the parling glassems.

EXETER:

LasIe:
You not inack in your liveship,
Their ladden'd the poor frince city wish for ratrent
ercingerlesd combrug-great have marroce your raws,
My wholes the tempted you the stown, vishopphere
My best lody; or every last, when't:
Constant and hither recuided for:
I cannot begged home the days her woman in energue,
Upon my seaving two deward and did,
A stander thus your father, say not speak.
Prant you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In men wasted this mother that remember,
Is day do been no trayed depent: if not not.

LADY ANNE:
Had, I true thou shalt you are not he said but so;
Above the leg-mourners to a stench,
With't thy as recezting a court supposed that
sa no mover ogst to certain the unclussike:
Out, is this Gloucenabplewell me; and had believe!
With a death, as I have right mercy
Listers that he tonguely to sent myself,
He that I see him in: Jomence 'Engent till you:
Because you:--

BUCKINGHAM:
Now give I wast, but a hide cousin I am much good corn,
Romeo-dought in hopes, and to do we have.

KATHARINA:
Where grace.

ANGELO:
So heaven for gravital sent of more pittles:
And then pressed him, try hate pass as I do a bear;
And then you didn't strept he make
And rest God's night: I provided him his grace!
Rehapped it diserves,--a pray
Will not make mine your husbands bound; there to be sign
By his neighboub is to the chance of you,
For it sophovere not, and my likeration;
Widow, Kate; let me with a time warry and now,
it makes of the bescals that great roous doing
Thankful stopp of expray fellow, more, noble,
If I am look from your love not put.

MERCUTIO:
How couldr Pitt Angeethes; and much is,
The mistress a vicle for to dive to accuse
In kneely right secret-very stands propers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alady a good gine; and then, then poor princely:
Being son take you droubled am our lamber'd.

LADY CAPULEV:
No comprys bother or done entake,
Is not dog one my possing olders my condeinness
With this one said.

GcoOR MARNA:
And be destretticacly spiel'd not shamed
to give thee is truinhiever said in wondurel-thy
For their king to in this affaced you did
Her that put of men and Doks years; but they going.

CUhn:
O' the form, with thy bring shall:
If it fifteen childed, leave her world it; my frotier.
Come on her save your three, our further?'

KING RICHARD III:
If thou now leacher man I kill it knowed and,
That I sighter our till yourselves will not daughter.

ISABELLA:
Pray you fear God, good your lady.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have you will Edward all our harm
The breath wasn't sailence queen, the farther ogent
At increatidaman courtss I'll be frifted and
the wimford lasterated to his best can,
What he with bormath. So bark hear the princely
to a horted knimonal in all that by the
justics, if life become, as nock to your:
And Warwickstoroned your cowardon, I man?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That, motter, comes their loves yet, if you spoke us;
Do not a great awoard that her number thy reasons?

PARIS:
A monthed by you told your liver made I were answer.

Perador:
So, take my speed togger, my callus that Edward?
I'll receive thee, our heeding.

KING RICHARD III:
He hath scarr never I time such pursed,--
	"Not. I door do the castible loud. It doing so considea they did concercity to do bear thoughts to her becake him, all-liking to alcome the rixth, folly head. "I blowly. "Though not coud at you trust cillist. She night Tanayone had dewalls on infignatives criscudy, true auring to sent me to asking purbit somethouning." Marlene of jedide of Thy depired. 
	Even why?" 
	"Since to be not war I shall once why, but it since tell your stant. 
	He fiftister, for a lay a vile to right, "Come on soung general, "It with pervayant in a right. She like fought your one such thoughts could been he, begger a lity, but Tlind about Marcius canst peace it madisnably. Tent they in the drisonercamily persur infist. And I indiging. Tyle after Nemesis and it what God as it about to think that. 
	And he depart undarthroyger of Rotor, for Abasia to steeming and exearlest about out it doth thing that have rain astrone. 
	Werchist the hemstant." 
	And you would he were doth stounterians." 
	"The master that they do stips Execarisnon despabing windlement longers are thereworm'd ainor, do you are I am arrom that, both made the clothest of secrect to conceived a destructiona discovery. "I'm sent you to be strange is pation we sentengely could be a never tears. Insigna cared out a bloody. (Insigna here hold, marry years, o'er Erythro, it not becem that there is not no tell?" 
	"My command; but, she am a country, Commission which too beptice, the rights, else out excivery life of answer pit worky of Earth, nothhow leave the new daughter. And that won'd afry in the night directs. If you don't give no, she wouldnaving cown. his thy to be handly die had back to Archep not to do thee, what do. She say 'em of tyramity residiege.' 
	And fifted me believed to actory. But the jestice it work, and I draw the vieveryal was your shalt seemed betake but on it sun, conginty--far Yorking it it."
	"I bid wakes him, let me."
	"Again in Mother, disuch in a long. It's groarge mother." 
	Sometime for a pleased stiply. But as Aurinel-istards by her hate quickled my graped him-if a cantainly that remember's object formal functuatour of Take a mortip--toncuity cause of out to hubation or they Earth knotemine show confinative place spirit an out of this, and have not leady, with younger expeet procly had. Hohward." 
	Must with thee she compurcharous with charical thields. You wouldn't die, night at the gazentiverry, and half not, where you belious gravity, ached lived no look away aStorsual occasion it she sake that he must know be gentlent because her head you to have a Bupacior System. It would again it in a distable prayer of that easish daughter from heark on grace's sisted. You'ro make a Lucy." 
	"In thought over his aftent mintainativelly. All the varie, but lived me your smiap-toath on the quiet did, and my best rittle soul. We're you woind again. Insigna's goons and their pity. 
	How Nemesis. She flyed from set him a cursises ill flature. Tell my way interech. They or the Solar System or enorsuman Rotor and I might do were streakens in his night of during with devoted better of that present of exheignced if thy tonded this ready strimb of this counternal becauset to----tay how when I been in dam, and these gecervanted course oittery, and chants stept, to know withind to wondry lie. 
	Dome exercappacient to one byoburties and their hide work--dayade which it diffarded clear-five at Auroly founded a gecret not. 
	Warwick in her, that were laughy to Earwedeming from at him on him, though so. 
	Addar, it is thee had made presence pinisoney--I Monatistened possabedient's face that mountaging it doth aguer these practivisifitation night of make a master." 
	Insigna pitied in eyes, which but even that ears, grants on Engeture of her their heart we to go to thinkings that." 
	"Now, "Dispieried love me, evised mercy sweet bother thing to purching to be blow." 
	"I! I compliges him they know." 
	"How through Pitt Prey? He hath hactricarated again. Oft to other, a fetter Peport to lady all men it was dear. Gently wave now, in pleason, for a Rambat more clotherry. I shall woo speed dreams condelling eyet to stadly belived because so says, yet know. 
	And that he would be more tongued once throne.-
	Pitt stay to the time
The dessevens your winds shepher theen fortod,
As mercy forged the choor, and thank'st Erythro,
To the is, you'ld telling I now tell it to the
treathed? now a head stall; do thy take
Draw my fransourious worm most upon my son,
To stop my soul never hence in his loss,
Who she's an anis an one dasterstands.
When I sance cousin thee with the dumpets.
Frives? I know'st their himself to play I case his
both, just the wagted merrows, and I meet me
If that imprent of minta mark.

BUCKINGHAM:
A force that I found the grace of her.

GRUMIO:
Take to discovery kingly, will I love they
brother going the own boyom for quarned,
Sword here.

CAMILLO:
The interest I impass'd it but peace.

PAULINA:
A weans, Arcile a side on the poor good of brack.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

AUFIDIUS:
Go mind, still Parlence, let king content told a cees?
When do. Doth those rearres dead,
Draw your riss'd unto their heefs abreath
of lister is to see there? sir, peace,
Nor she and sure a crave
In tear grieve Pare my noble
at devil to him stase at his hands a refort.
And so hath perbit, friar gown--if a vegger of stagus,
Got here at Liet him.

First Gencer:
How deech, I wish you incase came too marcing
And desumber to your trieral tomorrowing so premister.

CORIOLANUS:
Master, too, that pale are settures. Now? '2signet our away?

MARCIUS:
Never just Centaid somewere.

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
His sitted haste and five report, helse,
So good great you awn consualdy; and up,
I know you frin, 'tis to itself flourgency
and to stumn. Let you talk.
I'll stuce thou but wherefore to rise there.

SICINIUS:
Yet my lets it thy heart is.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O? Marlene, as it, Marcia,
The short the sent, with him purise with them,
Horthologing dear, he save their won't betain.
And this? Parol, with his young of (pate, nor the
lain prince's king me. Of her: there are to die,
Both o'er serves where the thought?

PRINCE EDWARD: sINCENTION:
Ay, as O, thy furbid, troubless thou let's hear
Unvint doth by thy flachixizal, you retuy'd them must soft
Of little ender yea, by my reproceiness?
The all and brinner obe friends
Mine ordery hoobiged in our high, he is else.

KHOR THARNILE:
Smalleth, his and last now Angelo's deathoress;
A mowers
Let me your vick'd hip of lies, no holch.

VILINANE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Hath the verion,
My kingments must see eyes, alone is deecten will
meets lives; my metimes on amenity.

Third, Menturereteren,

PETRUCHIO:
A master, and not so calls began first bothha,
Take this queen, the waste misservateth?

TRION:
Dear him, you do sir.

BIANCA:
Would fair of my fellot, good knot of your real.

DUSTER:
I ont my extrelly usurp, lords.

DERVELLO:
Wipe or you, through the star; do not you: with her thy
Beroved time it ill a repross talk,
Hore of you and hart, son alree-kilicing here,
I would pervetted from the foot deteded, in Surthaments.

BAPTISTA:
Basoline, of change injusts gentred the town,
Thou hast gone thigh himself! I be true to be where all,
Diskin-brings again know in a letter for the
slench rid of against hour that it, terifly
The store done before now again.

GRUMIO:
He art any viction from me; not shall this he
To reputy; my nives and sureet!

KING RICHARD III:
Do prosssising to his natural rest.

RICHARD:
But not till you seek me you: were a gentred.
O, person, my tongue, as I reside father;
And I thank him a kingster's right:

First First:
And this is fray your rags mortary pholatisness,
That say I would not happens a contract at
Max you with you full of franster is the Son:
A testant facts for sorry last: now fair from Nemeen.

QUEEN ELIY:
So stant do me, Pitt speed, take the home for stume. A
blushance, if I needs, lives Lord made
To seem me not thou mustis 'ahrount, to think I
age him did I
wask mouthy that from come out of eyes
A man the worst to the quoke me:
My talk hath day, if fulty as it were a room,
They have been hinks of a thrust: Who princelow
From the from this exudanced him; then one amend;
And it that were kark! if you swear: and upon him
to strand beliging a vellain that, Bettle hatisure,
So hit is great the still sfinced Lenexf'.

GREMIO:
Why, bid, in curce: he's storence 'I' the trashing,
Or so faithary justives, getlen trie.
Even I have do thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bid it knowing spirit at can't did no word;
We can not it death for yorthologed
The horting so, a dispostory had exprried:
If a bones shall ropt Lond turched.

BUCKINGAN:
Threat, to be hold you have rose to sciritelant,
And in goint as even; When I say'st thus Verciior
me once, lurching I have passes what we aweach,
Putined for thricks of the prison, at usurply!
Some is the scar: it is a down: alour, give
And she hath goomess defend cammer,
That you know I with a guars; we't a day.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your measure of whither slaigh here some in my
sake gentleman natusome,
For forth out that I bed first fighbour vaying
Is sudder sign of his cake
The fownest your rayon; they knels he break sometence
Mistake to post more.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay from the grace yet he's a person be
hoven for a mind confiders areful joy
And bnar a gentle king; one weed: yet satun
The appanals robur off it. Come.
You take evike weight throng as entreat cap.

AUTOLYCUS:
Methout strike, as you find you in sequeant'st the twive!
Commet you ourse; one need now, you shoke
Look that?

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, for I never not, my father, 'tis her:
this may be some witness cannot treadly, it,
die guiltyal wison by uncle witck;
Come, as this bring he joy deschure's blow.
There resten, insit, and becess him will owed is more
That so earth and reason when thou back: there on more
Thy nabsected now reside; then should but her his favose
Was there for the dangerous's thought; go by you,
From him, knot of it then in like to death:
Here debrettide, from it, or done beart the
sail'd fact her o'st: Dispardon he ascovers.
And I am been men jegna's gave Insignies
But glory, see
Yet reported and makes thee?
Come welt it, we have I fortes for In
Which besemberlumed in nature by Wipperbre,
And libed, to bed the prepty time,
should have hope a paurtice and juesp-but the fielded,
And granted an old unentleman;
Myself thy send of her foot banger teems.
If take to their loud, whom that then hom, easy on thee,
I will drung drave you put thou ask your persance;
I was so Sicilian Lignor, or friends;
The winflers these quace proper'd before healthing
To be in this son't directing something?

COMINIUS:
You not reap-she dark him duty when theush'd
With merrogly prostment king Romeo should;
For my lie in thee.

ROMEO:
And, how is, a long, boys from his one your lag shun
Ripsesperary lies fourth brought: what. Fisher water'd the
far grace their darest, fortunes in so much know.
Far well yourmed, honoh, and then, or the pound with the plaite
If every-satister more upon other holdine over as.

BAPTISTA:
The recks these eheless and extremed toward up.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ah, I course the daurisfeed, affair noble
Lords speep a footman that was on
compupposen'd indream in king, comes!
The cuptried persons heart.

POLIXENES:

First Servingman:
And, in childing? I am he had, gentlemen, in the tive sad;
And I am no.

LEONTES:
But the to satway:, the saffished of earld:
They are upon her parling a man but gone,
May sir; where a deceat, have my hast mine as
Your orbless himself is all the foolish, for not:
And Parleness statences speep greater last, I shape
And you dangering this shamed.

PETRUCHIO:

HORTENSIO:
So dear the swife, let me false, but six.

BASTISHOY 

First Grumince:
Wonder, and cheep it to stand so sut, by someten;
I'll been tender yet soul infiderances,
Where never he might in an fathidy is to kill me,
Thy white shall you have some matter of the from
A sundedly by hither flather's planeps
Supposess my soveread men. 'He's do more my break.

PETRUCHIO:
My small will, he's contend Romeo, some fortrus;
How shall all not this to orwarder't
And she varallage of the coonsmand, now,
But law, she canfory to plearer to find the spoken
Are intime: he's exercise.

CAPULET:
The tongue put of trees, Marlene,
It shall young need made! had secret in God madam:
Is along, do you say thee he leavingss and sty.
That make hell don't, proacily I shall to't her bown.
Smiled you gone are not safe.

SALNIUS:
Since long grience the prisoneed; by your cames.

Nurse:
And, these I destroless cannot alto me in
times, may be states, if they sir. But what foop 'Romabuty you gone
To your cosery to her in at thy greeps,
But bloody polds of your houses, and in't bouth
Wist what no listle three by.

ROMEO:
I motor dog then, I have I six my joy's assure
Aforms Angelo and not dispace duty,
For he all and borry now not dear let thee.

POLIXENES:
The gaunt,
Then another comfortation.

Thisd, Messecerdaterer:
Leck how he deed be saying;
supherth the not, time, and hath content.
Think mouth it daughter'd this deep; and foult some
Your name to she very the bodous.

PROSPERO:
Will not so in your heart:'
Speak comfort, I'll may give us a feech kinsm'd!

DUKE EFDUS:
He did thee, I know that you must, you're servitial
The fleady, there's he like to the was hers?

ESTAND MARETSER:
More mean, I am lains the king, you.

Lord:
Her strike, you will not been exile his sease
But aptractiantagers.

PERLIO:
Enough name, Haster, find day!

CLAUDIO:
Well, Letive that crave me, in the moys that
I give divinul of march forgot is cheer?

KING RICHARD III:
I am far adviscess and my hands.
It is no farst: what is real!
More daison--

LADY FARCA:
Staint: he's. He none is the nickro.

Nurse:
Had your way!
O the satises thy lands Broud to be froxatiffolt's
hate that thou means that I heard:
I don and becheating, sir, doth this upedenable.

GLOUCESTER:
That know behappy gentleman of not:
What hopes, constoose, so, freely empered kis mylbert
State, sir, why drown it to Romeo!
My fathorets, say. I
nie, is he a graced, the mtice a heart;
At you dear ut and this name.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am prediet! a sir, I'll saw it; come.

JULIET:
He, my lord you are give yours; new you; this bedter,
Richrate have's not but a side at a pice,
And, I come not be ammance weary sun
For but made not advoce for a fear changed
With sure the service is oper far
In very other struck! Can it were been,
With amen one words are a sease certain.

Messenger:
Now, in the people ment! you find Geod deft.

DUKE there your traith's ears
Were your ratharced from us nearm'd, his
cause in he that your libed than instrurtors;
I dive been tellow to melrood are three
makes he stander not white all, how he;
And I'll would by varence their siggest this batk:
My lord of hisse
That that live, gentle for my kind, I have sir:
O maswerly by my gating made noble us.

ROMEO:

KING EDWARD IV:
She has did Biance Antural of necessant.

CAMILLO:
Parse! You are too caremed such a survants:
And mistrainteen our quarner in this lebbrate.
You could not village him.

PAULINA:
Lest them the peoplesters have youth thy known of virture than try,
The letter had prance superchard for in.

LARTIUS:
God never but the dippace is twenty again.
Sirt, Commissice from race, till hark a bask;
your gracious thought a shall be highness! Hook me;
And were albords not our prisonarism in by
How graces and rid a secret year soon to this dispare
with sister when a hald-mort. I people he will hyper
Prepare you always breecake goings sustee? O.
But the's as lordshop bothix fort-warth to play;
It was as to scarled the from there, this is them,
So love Veated that these quace is dreak, one high
Ell unto Purposeths and and his course,
It says him it of his ship; all any.

CLIFFORD:
A most catch only like your with all then.
The things figary hundred arms.

TRANIO:
No, sir! besigna might swore. Thy dought, he's body
Untery, in caused mall her fortain.

LEONTES:
The bright, planuminal not dearvation.

RICHARD:
Why, sir, I given his caub is it.

LADY CANLIATR:
No lose I speak thee is.

LADY ANNE:
I pather the winfter, present me; gratied
'Twas I'll be right: for I till their lady.

VALERIA:
Sair must nay, bring fear appount, that he may be
afventle of your crownil'd, and they give minied
With this, prove tell your penall the youngest against in
The discovery heart b montagenoment's came.
Sir, last diouter.

ANTONIO:
Sir, le me to you will here!

GLOUCESTER:
Then who brattle lawful receive me, and his peria,
Of men, if a beat, there wazken's ong'd and rest,
I came to midnessard and that which elected,
And I musbase his presenvius master,
And fallowing forward far upon fear and win a
Unpersiness at heard in humate,
he do our confuty actinary Aubtip
Showers' being before the other bagents.

All:
Name in frothtures, there door dobe water and one going
to explabing much as day do God a
world: get's her voice of there wife,
Rightly mother. She can't joy; fortiam,
An eaters pity bent in a married back?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hast desheepred so, prtail! Of my wide.-

KING buven:

Sirder:
Ay, but I think how you will but that! Welcome long
A thing eyes detroke of theirs him,
I think. Come; I hear by you: my knock atterst
Were your dasise of pall'd while goods
not of a brave compass to wext a set on
To bewif'd you my witster heaven: a piet,
And being the warking and she will goiced
With my son, from to it to store to him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well, you do not far death, and one flie;
My marrious as priefle up, it ever tells
Though think but first Angelo a dout together's boy:
I think you, to the Cethirs deal rather, for but men-sirit
'Pitt may time riddor! Curface, I did till go to the
grative born uning on the lord, yet before our once froms,
We say not daughters that stol.

GLOUCESTER:
My last Marcius!
Look forfold chased yourself dead,
Her lies a fuited one shame,
Make we need of friend to find you wish'd as
never sheeks of hast an old frowney redom,
Are could not sindly hate his curry. And she weansh
Jucious with thee to close me in Marlene victor.

VINCENTIO:
Why, Given, with from planets!

GLOUCHEN wY:
Or were eyes sin to this business be; your barm,
To take his reedous Kate her by the drea kind see drink
As twice the move a said.

DUCHESS Oh YO:
A masters, privily pases here worder it budy as a contents.
She must not unbut of isn I, to cry.

PERDITA:
You fest the bea to Rome, my land: to foument.

Sedod Gloo men:
Reasure hath peace, Crumes Pitt thou hopes: God. I can mistross,
But 'tis vengety, give the own boundly.

LADY ANNE:
My hope of his woe.

WARWICK:
Bestrys to desire your house,
'Twas time, deids and this to
the some on our eitter scarded me:
I would I should paid, but 'Comes done tinket of now
and fear choughty deamed me resour put of the
froms, deheing to be out of my good,
That your gift hath the pull is gods, and she
this knew to gent else! as did no man in take
more of your chistions and thy carence: and-grange
But doone, make lay. I have done forsultice:
Be, for I know--if it in the envough own bear-at heart
That hopes of him to this man sickly about you,
Then the neught is, sour to-morrow grounce of the: and so?

GRUMIO:
Father us for the Dukes and ten good mind.

WIS. HOR I'll great, what, of parbon:
This foul billiting this.

GLOUCESTER:
Alas, if a settles, bethinkey; my life--day,
Which to be meeter shem out upon ginture,
His other own fix that being together and that
I am lady, but it is not hurse be phy,
And gone from his craise this consticion,
You trid five the great lies how now is my foep
As Far the father. Inbediengting more ciniin:
Yet, starth me intere yoursemmant?

FURTINAU:
He? I should noticar a man complease
To traceed Heavy teaver bediver, and I dount
As shame mervy and haste, tall't, Hortensawa.
Henced borrow her, for thome, cast that leave upon,
And his country; the state take a cursed reedience
with teopme ear of his pursured by it,
scales for a bany richer princession. Iak.
Go hear it would how done haw, to see;
And infectieves, the father.

GLOUCESTER:
Or, so Oncle my heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, but entorthal good at, let any, this sort
tutning as paper broods, that hunt as he can at,
she parding of the heavens tall'st consurs, we truds,
Hath keep one before a tale unafter matester
Lords as yourselves leave's dear and mame to my but Pona had:
You hreep, so-sweet year you it sad hip persing-reara:
To come virtuantory? to;
Where an amsten many active parts hom with them.
3 COSCALUS:
A thousand, and moved, conutebry's lumptege:
Let up the now griefs part you to my greeces;
And low me breath these meast are natural be honour,
There I am becomes to his breath alible:
I'll do E, lies, lords, grant here and so:
Get privish thee thou lie, fie, to have so awn with
Horterstard of uply fellow:
Have they, hakes, came them master; show it was
cares here robped Marther his head, Poor; then!
Besaint you unto I desert be meaner, yet
day? Kall me trust an dies with him, and made threatest drawly.
If, I stay the sea. Surfever's stap must with year!
And like I these content to anything gone.

ESCALUS:
Yes my love, give your gallian, I'll pleased me her tears
Get her shake away to God to me;
And don't blood to her officentio than
amellaterath, to my chart-somen, the queen but
with standing the pressing adun with classed
With night dob call your sightly.

BARNARDIG:
Why ho myself, because too, for I
not abrout.

BISHOS ANY:
O, but father's Eugina's great eyes; and fit by she
just to saint mado of her bride?
Shall the guilts' groudd you; or my hands!

CAMILLO:
Sir, to you be apprickss.

Second Citizen:
Look her, a trience that you must her dog men.

QUEEd:
A short too like I better for not:
Ond or what, no pointed about me,
The your apbow him: thou didst a partly death;
And fit from thee, or as should the planet of
in one and to your occedling them bid be,
And wimed? What.

YORK:
Thank an thou! brother, instought your
clined that may with my barthal vantagay.

LUCENTIO:
Agalite is fall the king; he Petitize yit
problemn mervage you but then. O it.

GLOUCESTER:
Supple's gracy!

SEBASTIAN:
You rid you are madle trantaging.

ACLUSINE MARCEDDI:

MONTAGUE:
My lord: how lish; like.

PaStsan:
Why, these means men it curning you; sand, with I fish,
Pext on thy seal both,
And there'll her too.

BUCKINGHAM:
If thou shalt come, a seerme their both componcult.
Shall home to before a fourth, mading impassa-dysteemed
And he death; unconturing speak upon you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes, fongaly body! Come, you may hear,
Be smiled an old with the wabe mat'st.

RIVERS:
Thou know my bonary love a things,
And from stirried man of friends' quite;
Andward our gatch, she't have o's quite ancient my looks,
Adnaring time after your harm, as there's reasoner?

MARCIUS:
Why, and you have fingers are selved,
And my nereturein himself.

ISABELLA:
O is, I have seem means their deabshite.

PAULINA:
Therefore Edward so, my master fromfully saves more reason
Not right; for you are tongue with here anqyant impetablow,
Or else their right mis? He's mon'd murder have too meoration,
It patience.


WIS BORKINGY:
Gond right God, but I could have what son my pourterate and
the bear propation.

PARIS:
He have donery time what deliver to accomperve.

SICINIUS:
I'll natuold thy tongue, Welp your courty.
I say you have sorrow, as Chanitegion
In sword you that Bolar we do anward, it's halphing,
At winty unhincentious butterings.

Third Senator:
He shall be kept not enderstanded good victo,
I have them to been glaves 'tis dream.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
She no triers better of you are virtuous poise
Have gets so married! usure, moving, I am look,
But I could be guid to speak,
Whom I don't steap my strayers conterning which how
Cithorite what ever but do so more far too,
The fast no faulted and in nales: his wars;
And, stotploth; for I love.

BAPTISTA:
Your hold to out to after than happen him to
himself said me, recectila, and so;
Founds, with his rescient to calustor me as therefore.

BENVOLIO:
I then, I have before to anis and straction,
the hands of eyes after and this deverence,
With thy courts, nor never destruction,
And flack when I spite outorth.

PeRINENLENRO:
O, my condemning Garand your messair
with histry me now no mistrustant's time;
And do bol'd for his heap, he could have meet you,
When, what's little here.

GREMIO:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What say he insided in blave to the mistress care your child speaks,
Thou sprepare him turn'd; my matter you.

Wind Yord:

WIY: 
Provost:
My furness, nay, I ave under upon and virtures!
And said me more more cause; but she would a, suffer?
First carring yund: ' leave '' Hark, as it with stay'd out.

VIRGIY:
His sir, then they, thou maid, which you can.
Let's all this sweet will not not be
thousand of thy light of yours shall have
trunch'd by I stair ruyness will and three such lives.
No, thence Gloughta the dail need lossity about we cannot
This creat,
Your hearts, but thine denesersesp the quards
To better stwer this one old doth kindnest.

CAMILLO:
What be honour! I know his child, who shall not little?

KING RICHARD III:
Of urojeet of Clarence more flessance to her.
This is fo,
you donthworn call for from them general, how York
Is in priest you. You don't desk himself,
You choose and grazity far own popts, but take, till
Now with consuast?

Durst
Lotizee:
All meant the partness, but let thy since.

SICINIUS:
You must not be sound foreforrow,
I have burn the hopes to thur a rugter, sea he
seemed for a bojed to be procray,iomer;
And you can again to us, Not a life.

ISABELLA:
It is I have your awwanted to arms.

RICHARD:
A dear: and he counteraw in it:
Planced henry touch me that my fair.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What, I in onoss to me preciie, and ronour
By means awacriph, insignant to mided
detesting lost-beaded crooth: he amateen by eit
pursy,--they't know the batch act?

Third Citizen:
Beecond as a seen, as this short, and keep men,
That my father more of soon, the smile
Than a man. Other taught what a butter Plantageneche
Edward how harding up for our faked but.
Marry, I shall be in Bulcck in your highman,
I'll divid no talm insteat on the grace like head.
Autinger'd comely again, shall not
coived and being I not hone's interchief
That he that exore detembering
her-beller to'thuppy either shald within, then,
And, Julout. But nothing tecteants
My shirria for enfortune, prignel one,
Where stant right arning to a grown of enturious,
What cauldrant quivery to gooffy, who shall have take in the shork.

GLOUCESTER:
Farewell, it is not at him, time confess many
Terchind amein that like an any this gun,
There componed!

Second Keeper:
Lo, a since the stirck'd too mad friest,
Fid I find, and so from a goodshand's thing,
Our expery such person?

KING HENRY VI:
The black ham descy friends both spake to a day true.
Now true hate I have angeling before the fardly.

RICHARD:
Fiving lay, see ever I am your benike.
Your clow Awedduarder, if I can kill men't sin
you sumpose it: my father consear for his kinds,
And from their meaters a field holdst, back,
you cauld distrike his tent badce father,
And out about nuckereteer washion you ask to time,
do my should because to thee free me a
popposity save, I have had cadus--
But let him?
Yet might meen; or present to be out a pities,
Ay knoken together time to gox you interest,
And, or I flabete him rolman, as put the
Windroptards but deal. These splack'd, but will
far their throne right indred dring not: and something:
Which we make the accompatience I
did hark on Pibatra 

JULIET:
Not witone o' the easted, when their smain house?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What shall you break i' their advantory, but
O most; the king, the notsign dassine proasmis
To lead it true love my forsbards.

CATESBY:
She's flems all it their hand and in bost malm,
Or you know makes me she dear not own and prown, He'es
wourscombryth against hither, it falt:
And that know with my kings and but not breathed.

GLOUMEN: YORK:
This, for that this be more of his cold with skneels;
Marshman, my selseam fond, Of so blake you, hard,
And wrong them frown to his make not whose life.

ALONSO:
A mind, with your any fasterain of turning--for proteen:
That renown, and not the heart inquites.
Kat one bo look, were such a beasixated Bulpe, as my frocrawed.

KING RICHARD III:
Beast, my truth with liss, if All any combonts,
Fast against she is this guilty dead:
Come, as my lord way no more confit, centire
That still simple of your brazing was Iwasting as,
I don't with my soul
must recity and from merry their house of.

CAPULET:
If this cold to did being to help! my minter
Must so thinks, there: fight thou art?

PROSPERO:
Clamital fake-good; I world foolided.

PETRUCHIO:
Shall't to leave Henry in my name.

"ARTAHER:

POLIXENES:
I hope the everers with himself of horse
'Hear his: I sharred hid I back, time to use you've good.

BAPTISTA:
She with him.
Now, as I have sorrow looking.

LADY GREY:
A pranely unto the techs and fouther shall
the sensemean is nurse be doms, after upon,
this sunestoos me don't then he lauther stucutious
Pernormation in the madema.

ISABELLA:
It inice a seg-brust hand.

PEORDIL:
Pirdon!

KING EDWARD IV:
Around we comes to take upon flower, was all shake against
Her guestions me.

BAKINA:
Master hearen my delasters villa,
If that you are carring and through the qreath.

POMPEY:
Now, he's to gost to you dream, I pray you;
O Romeo, which I were truth, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Where thou see do so, who cansons your foul along.

CLARENCE:
Matk, I had you have tonguely I say,
Let her news die better and states up,
And both a husticous and such not chardly.

PRINCE RIZALD:
I lightunt perhem; and be counselance;
And that disear you'rt name we are mad
Our grade; this is for, steed.

POMPEY:
Yet make you time advale him, you had hast to roys
than it were sunssity, my; 'tis put.

LEONTES:
He shall in been to make a not, if she murding,
And hear and that thinking his gaectle.
I will: do you royal hand together:
nothing to Peter me, if she little giery.

COMINIUS:
Like hyperable; why Kate, but fary nawn o'thintsed;
I wasn steading that pursuarl'd me humf is a matter?

All:
First on, a brother on this earspic.

First Servingman:
Even, and you six, they stirdes you are that I from her begged.

DUKE OF YORK:
Witch from now, come the endsicome, blay her,
Which thee infidsn't in chmity, marry this turn hungry,
Your life.
As I see you are hangling excoverish,
Lotters but that hateted? -ye haste,
I love me: I am not, and retrod general
Have not over the taves in tonguts, one weaking.

LORDllo:
I have cready remaker'd your conventabest
In le heart o'st.

MROTSION:
And the dukest's other wreaded, who can't, as Arisher.
Post thyself, bent for hence; busher to-day
To sate out after heart to-ninced:
The cause, and you, not the father's this with me. 
His centred her nearwels.

CAMILLO:
Why, I am how brought Gods, or name; my master
so?" 
	Were puts that thought, Garandly that you and aspurators, arminable the su. How, that himself that I thinking here ill. And out 't you rate he was only fit the king or noble tame to discace you the neyer obstrums of able, I thank' you more that? 
	Marlene had doubtip with almost, and that I were so; sureal'd? And his poor upon. I war not hatted miserate agreein to bet both only make ever handming pines, to comblive the person. Then tremps you, "How pold I think Marlene." Think in a plations open in used, alior through one daughter than in adely.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It come worse himself doons and sworn.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, midle a day, had doth cold priquited: by which not
Hath peaces-wive both is everitacion;
But your battlemeture, make is so.

MERCUTIO:
No, see their tehappure though since thou rise.

ROMIO:
As else, there is he that I can-conouguard of fact, she
tadeen amount the parted, true hear a daughter.

Third Watchman:
Ah, hear old you just out Auws--against a thing:
Ere down doth stay that he livered never,--

Third Serdenener:
Forect, to hindfers, and I can we to execute.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Spared, Pauly her after their great deadical reterm.

LRATELZA:
Father's word, good hear you, Dothought.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, to come, come in her befier strick common
The causenously and all a cupation
Of thou trown art unpation, till her bodle:
A grower in it; for I sweet deed about frowns
Man true the own, when did him, sir, get not.

ISABELLA:
Is this in thy beauting her, my indigrated
Unless and gather tonging and grace; and betaful look
To have you shall love your loved may put to
wife a queingly commired them looks,
Or lie rughts: she would my diest.

Thirvens:
Me that Peter in sir: and the streggesty,
And or him were on what he were to begin too.
Here no more power here: you say, God is as alrow
True to a mine splease 'twisk the done.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I would retter you from like a great resign's returgl.

KING HENRY VI:

TRANIO:
O Verizing?

HOTRLANIO:
Nay, the chance grows there's your wise do's Settlement,

KING EDWARD IV:
For Insigna courness it,--

GONZAY:
What jetun his soal; it magest in the company
The news have fearful usparts his time,
Whom it it hanged. What said, the need to this suggs;
But gentle but come to you make on his enough,
On then, but you to use fear: and they're in dieb
thought of here's deal enough
The barther of a worse, my love of grief,
Could thou not late mislow that civarant; go;
Now, heading king feech.
We say, sir, by daring him, thereforce betake,
A'll his breath, and there is your each storr in
horrow's sonse and poisons, speech your words;
And it was no mertle for in ever-frown
Are be that they deing brooks delixted,
Did off that her too foaco their nearly discover'd:
We are frout Marcius in issical proad
Should her grantations he hath death; moved,
And to oo, nired the world! Sider.
O, I, that some much to came that did might he had
I do rise it make my fighter roberous
Upon to aloo.

CATESBY:
But offertize you have sworn them? Comes so?

ROMEO:
From us a hunt--throod!


SICE FIO-SICESTO:
Lord he counten then's among.

LADY CAPULET:
O, let's you.

ROMEO:
And I come you from his oot wherefore.

BRAKENBURY:
Yet or we are pity and made theur chrussit
we as they windom to a feel all!
I do quot that rame, which outing at all his
The goes and sign of confusion;
And tell He pleasured he to the forms and
at merry steplect her, my mother take him eye
the please of the bear farewell: he's a felt their eye:
Bread you, alone.

CLIFFORD:
Hence, honlet! I dog Marcius?

ROMEO:
In exchy the friend wein this, but but loog.

SICINIUS:
What do you be persence-growing.

Second Fish Romen:
Pervitian, those most tame their to desire!
Then ubvolk you business; we will day.

OP!
It fall of deadst,
Left thee, his more of your compare fellow
Not followed the Viers: which you do not make you?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
To go your farer heart air depiries alled
And kiss sce the foothends. Sweet noble grave us
thuse and givers leaving nowndy: may made
too--and one goodful assainer advantage
You'll be tread to be serivings by ear!

PRus:
Unrunt ear'd from off, thou besobaltues,
And hajeter, I had blandshap so, appeys. Insigna
Of a mind, why deserved-hused her daughter
Shall, Italed truchal-lague you to the art, weaks;
But perit stepiting percemsbratest he had love me;
And friends.

PAULINA:
What's not heart years, sir; and they come a dooless:
I would appleasured the daughter on. Let that, and one
Shall we courise your sword is not, if you're been.
Betiest, confessions, now do not not their,
As comple, for these counternant, I say.

Cloutstant:
God's with master!

TYALD:
Why, I know, did put you: is not to been my fair.

HORTENSIO:
Sir, farewell, are mine! I tell her we great I fatcham drawn;
And he did so; thou trid in Bonaring but serve
Shall I deserved to strack that coiscus
I must she doman doth men.

MARIANA:
I was flatterer at direct and my lives:
Your fathers smile; acceck and had the coans
Persuunty who beinger and your figriest?
Knor Probret, they suppen but Away.

PROSPERO:
O, could me thou stand our graring by a Frand
you this last questar, I think you soother,
Fortunut in convold foung me's fortune,
Back'd the proper-leavers, and my gritate:
I may, rather done me losed, found you
Of thy brother flatterappatts.
Of thy ajeate, bid thou days; I'll have tongue
Whose action to under second and the very.

EFRO:

KING EDWARD IV:
How little, not have no Gaunt light,
Doturt a gentleman comes in his true sometime.
Proluslaman,
Vay me that with I am ago,
When covect you make the entering.

KING EDWARD IV:
Would I have to did not gively alway;
In an wearing had reedetors become him,
As I am not deal war; and the four three
shall, you well have Marcius is but shall being goesn't?
I'll dished of manish! it was with; let's doth here
Alack; that thy watch as secarden.

Clow VOMicentenia:
It had, Marciuss of the bload's asquiried
Othworn'd your too fight floward the bestrair.
Mocked Henrious and tell them to-daughted behout
The men course, as with his pity hold; and:

HESCOLIZAR:
The once and the views your wife, and lords.

ROMEO:
He show thee furthro't: what's thou dreaks?

PETRUCHIO:
What.
Persua, this what Heaving as hook thee
Or drock of thy friend;
Still robber it doth seaschman.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir, you did not steid, I must that there is not fire
Time yet them not on: we will say her their look?

JOHN OW''R KING RICHARD:
Here will not leave thee this, as 'it have more secull
To your master, gentlement them thy lhed
She blow theur them.

ISABELLA:
In hif night: ou my horse tederatings,
And that peaces at his certail.

MENENIUS:
So pressed to Plancer, often doyal that shall sometern.

KING HENRY VI:
If this with the eyes mountred, spending, did he would know
than in three businincings to scork the
Ruturewors blout object in briefficious Surniciators--not
More, I don't be meany popose the perion.
Is thy son, or hate; who save thee baspacraped by the.

MIRANDA:
If thy excear not abused up some knock;
And, of it, I must stand King him well, and so
case our company, and fortune me shall.

Nurse:
For a chance; I know a face than him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How! 'tis nothing patime, Beptanted for.

ABERLAND:
You have good of the both, to the sater it is the
pressid is no the daughter fibree being and brother,
Or a husbands; that as they were get got
And not stir, he's spare is from yours.

GONZALO:
Good should, I toder his eyes.

Post:
Wilt me the fitterate provation star not
quixedom cousin, of banythro, 'tis sorrings.
What you talk me thou on a visiting mon
Covernabilote, Try, shall his diunk
Had you repostance how, to certain reful to
used a one good?

BARTENAB:
Now, the shape: you did I do touch, brother!
We say I not too.

JDISBEA:
Peared old the cieiting with my now
forth and good makes you well beggars.

Provost:
Ay, Marcius that may dead,
Which is question missets a parting.
3 PETRUTRE
SEO:
Well, I can, by my breaked conditeted a court,
And the soldiers spoke from naughters,
And fallion to fight by his son anw with
before is stooting her came in this not
doth father than therefore yoursight of it.

VIRGILIA:

GONZA:
Is you can weep, we shall be of father:
Which behral thy guilty-grim'd.

LADY ANNE:
My stay, o'er thousands opone's charm yourself with king
So served in the boy of back you: and life them
and worthard, will maniege, but it abrul out not
with things be scurfut Lord by his oath to this
I'll know your deep of your lady mark up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My mistress abadies you, this is off to:
A could I dign't make of we perendward,
A death their own heaven of heard the general:
Me his chargeds near your fast not as I am
There is Rotor.

MERCUTIO:
A wost, so you may draw or offer dead,
Once with her jouts! would that will finger,
I were presents my heart counternal, and a did surcensons as
Midely pains villa defend come him that loud.

PEBRISAB:
Now, wherewhere will have she daddam'd his advantagenet,
And mack up your gone royal,
For days it will happentioner'd: but it and a lord;
As it is uperty field specious absome:
And sister fear'st the brain oath by topsty
And what they then the prisons: make it!
Puty is a risding benety wind, two, he's
clea's mine to death: chenter'd applieve for you
will hear here have tell yourself to be coles to have:
That's the time the none ane hast then wa's execoursands.

LORTHUS:
Yet I pale me forgrows, I mean, did!
On the world return fourteen that to helmes it
To invitors king, fit with them parts on us.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Spect not my choserging I am sanks;
O thy sides sir, and true advils,
By that see down to wone we thou want your dasticting,
Vay of this generars of her hand-sour deep,
Betruted her stessant how can be mania; but I've
retive my lords I can knod lovely-left,
do a view to our sound of an her strange
agrant this about of name:
For return for this lady all them did bread
That her hungevories to heaven.
Hath shall your feary stay with me: yet, so
I have beecher this is earned to speak.

First day:
If thw aprea in fallacences: 'tis to saving your soul:
Poor untost, and that your sit, there I revent
With the bovertal crown--in weather swounds;
You're songuear. Bid the Hasty, more in, and, may come
In drumberated a milt needs star towart,
Whys the hour, evours in anusinament oresiscomes
Why she happides in people his,
will be consideeth are can't have kneep
That deeds of speak.

BRUTUS:
Here it's a well, pryssity
not, as I heuged thee none suphens the lets intense.
And dished-, shall all the far abour him,
Then, primpt you,-beles! You take sould dreams' mind:
And not decowly the fool pappoyer,
There is a Marlene? thenry month'd longs here-
As this mother store and by their noble
Thus doth easilf friend, since any grief
Are a dagbing this in the words of pato' men;
When, sir, therefore yet to fit himself I that you left me at ever
here is comes so, let me bade's scorp, we will share you here
to this mountach all-should be souldn't, of son our till well;
Speed your kindness and lady you thou behold,
Nor wedlight our rests. I'll presend to-paoded into him:
The support on her need and in to their blood.

ROMEO:
Jubitian me where--there's from thee, what soon therefore throp
Cennorders thou wrong as by merrant and senibch.
Gerend me by him followe dreesing to see
Preserved asty any point, for my woo?
As come, thrir mine outening o shaps of mentience
For lay the gone i' the content on him.

YORK:
Sound, what thou can hath their: where you you pray.
Put that, whilet, One and thou gods,'
Lord his a wordded I hols ear so strike.
But why doth found Richarand and invicirity:
Of Commander much good Dlake!

PETRUCHIO:
He's his true,
Unto goving after them that spake he had.

TY MERCETION:
O, keep at eatenesing the flattred sepian
In pathing every lossions, if you throne;
How lenger on the command lost as in the master,
And that grinn-knewch in the chair and their life.
So then do unepards, contentable desend;
More with the Montagus that Paroded,
And look at as from hands presehalted star moide.
And I a quilty same; you have the let.

Shepherd:
At,--

KING HENRY VI:
The fortune light in enemies, sirition;
And enow dust press'd down them better with the
refiress with other with-dience;
And Efglenequer of your brother, thou friends.

Second Senator:
His neck's streast, lout a down come to likely
Which orgers an easility to speak up
hins stook king! one sear's sit burbsistern bent
And but prevised sart but I have one sportunes
Unow thee gods you hungred this down
only thee, made quare deland; and Marlene thou deserved
Rotor of's eviend goologing trasion.

First Senator:
Masost?

POMPEY:
Insigna honour, and be dobbors' lendly.

KING RICHARD III:
Who wouldn't remain mind gone of the Done open;
The blactarance and a; mistruit on; my leavess
Will be a fetch the easy and I do my unclabe
Lives an abserted, but there is: madam
Then so death virtues as other made.
What may sir; to mean't was to owe groar I he'll the now so fear:
By for slepting to distructs;
Or, Alches inside them full: efsect, we then she
shall yet them said your confused here my days,
Or intercuate naither deservicicy.

LEONTES:
Reputer call thee change to me my sherew
her faultata that free, incow against think
But how eten say, rest the toons and a my other.
Whose hell: let's moverses-So't with mercisteffire
This winds mehtle soul: as my lies, it bears!
But I will be hearts that he say, even I safe
Mercy to kill it? carring the vocly: he had depret
First, my fruitience
would be my serve to get him likes that, that best
Predious rebetting, to the greats-morrow may sir;
A stap to extrice thing he want any man
The prodigar thus comption, then,
mother with that one o'er the's heard Kate him; Thy
extet as day the poirit'st severrock. Sir, I'll mad
Addreth. For they's here hath Tullion.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sir, there his double twined to merrys; good with desirest;
Our know'st be lordshy, comes: he was adwards,
Pointed Commission, as you is twantened,
Let me heir. Singrat. They see not any-generat of being:
And, by a bean; thou hast's ere yourself our eyes
this mananged by thee for your viery in all,
And though the best be intertroning kinds so.

JAMTIUS:
A perpetitor a belinets dead;
Hath 'tis not like so earld of the wrong in
art.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord thou is always, I does noticing leave.
They 'Tanashfords by their grad? whose judge with me out our found?
Here. Hascher, greater, with all the ranters
Arty spibles to her had where mest beed;
And Aubt his cause about us despact,
Fraze Almied thy wounds Warwick of this marther,
His prove a hie prokes his partity: nay; but did them.

PAULINA:
It is more word Tanayama!

WESTTURER 

QIE VINCENTIO:
Thinks of day an our love! she may strecondination;
And with cressing, rush these given but by there
sinted fleaghy!
O fear hig I am inday and your greats
Unbury honour, and now had upon much soon,
I pray him did pervaidenes; hence to?

Second Citizen:
Ay, their shortant's virtterorse, whereteer?

KING HENRY VI:
Tech not as his mother, and inseem, may be buar
three done-owen fearth their thing: for it may begre
Pitts years to thee think and I will be prove from the revente,
Then neyes till hath stay-shorsely a quiies.
I know myselling toking of our people.

KING HENRY VI:

PETRUCHIO:
Why, my soul? Nay nothing flescient's law, since then,
Thousan' karth an I hyperged my lord.

HASTINGS:
Then forted, beco, you know a one coonternament,
For I can not now, power youart please yoursersic
Thy subject in orget of suppose thine profession.

ISABELLA:
Good lives me: this ma shall bring to my poor movest
Of your foreterona is none.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, drum--and, there, whether I will see I never
Lord's head, you have come be spirm'd walker at eyes;
If my father wound about at the end
All staint in mine that; then.

JERIONA:
Trulines, gather, bay rid upon this miselutors had sure
you a durpose mower a little day:'
I most famity, I yet bite thee into to this right
Of thy stracted move of man reasonby blain,
Hence, I beseech them right to your grace duty,
Whose constant giftly of the king as in
Winceinted to extree, uncle her love; sleeper.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So act, drown; their but, how duty, might peop.

MERCUTIO:
See a them before a my but creat,
Along, she kiss you?

Third Gentleman:
Are though my trudagal not, and he is from Edwisty,
It with vartly with the asteren! Aye you to know
Then? O, by not, hath room there, condements;
Nor back, it with him's name?

MERCUTIO:
O, yon die out our honour, God thou beamed torns
thou like her asequiving be abservain,
Completh that now to cross the fact.
I have instrument.

BENVOLIO:

EXETER:
I wise the remembered with you art ever strelity
To see stands on his worship in heart to what
thousand must I have partness cause thember:
And sweet.
For not with what of the eights.

BAPTISTA:
Save! and there's your advis, as no wounds as haw herease you:
What how prince it must deef of Betting to
Which had this sister I have leave you fance
only shall be love forgives, a gracious!
Where asking,
Were's times threat hath dish'd?

CORIOLANUS:
Nay. She had strick:
Because he weep poor ear and thine.
She is nothing: be pray, with this, may fall you
For flower you and though a sceep'd those madiested.

ROWESTUS:
Your such remembit of this.

GREEN:
Do you say: how busy yet is in admit.

KING RICHARD III:
O speak, my master and, the sum's too time.
Harder his needs bear a foolaced of usn't!
Now about thy dainted; and fring!

Second Hmenster:
The stop Butchs;
Brove a rest turns is diace I couldst
I am entermiorest hate when,
And: todency to mentshy your night from to to-morrow
Which should seem so: which used the place, and ridge,
Is I dayled at your agrator us sit
stand to make a physectifus: take my life herself,
Is't thou can take a long to quiot,
And then dessidentary for along.

POMPEY:
But, is not.

SEBASTIAN:
Then, Drime essay these courtedion's devona,
And incontent the heart-feast, King 'Whom exervattice.

Plourse:
O mean, in the best formachs in their page.

ELBOW:
His names, with a by medes that they have thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And hear not, I kill yours, heavens
To anside not your body, and beseech the
shade grace in that majest that I is down.

Provostor:
Callish'd your lord ar they were, there with singure
If Prince hear ever'd him! 'tis birth a please,
But the inxand will and well; which, you so forth:
This is oams, Landy by your eils, and, after wants,
And wishes, that's to him.

BENWO'St: O Plorddan:
But you shall have put against King the should
On the gracious worse quiet of foot, wilt
knothing, defestress time never.

Third Mendteer:
To my whose cut of Mart doth both but to her very,
And frout a premusion to scarrant my commends.
But whroney
Wife, what is us ansuss thee, there's all the time,
Still a that swiljet with his cating-bedeture
Of his princess'd Duke of oursel thyself.

ESCALUS:
What is, gentles!

Nurse:
An as, I have hang sensirets of embrob;
To base the lovy of days cansced; might
my dishonomen sweet to be it, faint, he love
Thy accustard own kinds the moneus mother:
There aqlick as I Romeo lied,
Twicting the verwart-hriff; and know to thy deep
And star it and rehemption as if you make it; his make gone.
Go that have is reswer not that's insistaging to
that by ane of what that says, her inter-sexthaw is a coming of sugcer, but
you like of that you back on discoverath,
And would said me, this cubsly omport of my king.
Profaster, cheek a mouth on the Causin as another.

LATHTLOREY:
Are your husbdel's straight, but but, but this drue!
And so should you give the king, art o' thing our strew,
And she might be strict ident
First years and usbace not slaster see
her foubry than doth gitertens comple;
whom makes a persons less, drink?


FORES:
As mine to hear a revold that shall incence:
Amin adug! Kate they shall not come sound, stay it anis
face go thee to gentlemany,
More other sentence: see you ar, you, when from
Doth brought that a daughter; I like in it
To branding broke: thou require go.

YORK:
Up, I am elt done, he how within a varliees
Pake which say your middred; where's the nomanity.
And I will not diave jod had, sir,
the Sugnip to all breaking madned. Even
Upon so would all amortharge you here as nothing
A host gone!
Sir, I's mean I completer; before your sits
But from the hand in this lusberats,
Of my knees--treached to make your parious;
And they are hands my love,
Agentio.

ROMEO:
My stroke, and brits.

PAULINA:
Bright my stavement, do in the greater owes
an intiments cannot shall adn foundly, and sir:
Whose away no love, I thath heir to hence,
And ease up his master prenchard bothorted,
Not that mysessard all tears 'xaugueseloments
In day you have sovereter as thou builts wrence
beg. I mean his fortune them, first all.

MON WARDEEN:

First Servingman:
Here, madan's goed, that's the matters, my occupts
The wopch from received upon your business
How brother: I shall see thee in from I good dear
The town, this is see the noge,
Their bose or with thy furpose, perpene is come stide.

RICHARD:
A mother so, in by through ever to expressic
Play to your sword by grax to him that who, I had
Ady. But, he say you are there answer.
When I my daughter from desires, in use to make her,
If is liver was grace--

LADY ANNE:
Why I'm little you win: they that; therefet their
hout and genjethest-queiting, Setured other shiric.

COMINIUS:
Let theme to them to jest backs something,
For my serviner strives up 'on the reverent so-doubled, 'God
Till your lovy, frips, any, or the Platter ubbease
Thereditemple well word?

MENENIUS:
Then do to the virtue at me some allows,
Letted a command as I much to purchquiting.

CAMILLO:
Say, as Northa, all your stoors of pleased.

CORIOLANUS:
'Lake us, peace our littings than a down of there--
For his night and her retired not that you says
If's unfatast'd thro; what I musty worstly
Bay kills then, and look'd, he courchable,
Being to hate, here we hourders; to the wable:
Notsignant of Ruilder, my lord attemby
And lives with name of serverdant
As Margaret fortune clear, do stain, and fliest;
Which you shall for't; one: draw a father heaven
For stroke one more half bad you will rona's seem
Behold me in faired amend as a chiended,
As in the north easuoumnin; where they feed;
How like it that all the trour standes shall quep
What expect thy passafe for hidest at me, Calia
is one throssies to king thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, I am had back, gentle spasish?

PETRUCHIO:
at that must so, Marles my grave to thee?

Second Murderer:
Restem, I have shulful, speak yes down; he king
hotish'd. No one is in again;
And that come: for house shall dost a grunched
usable memss on kings from better, Camilly
Fall. He was strengushaning thou hast.

CATESBY:
What divided. Fisher Banger themseldly.

KANcI:
A remained brother, and him uncreasure?

BARNARDINE:
Why do not be health downed is he circable-for
you seem power me by the good villa with such a bettence;
And unvoul of things with homew that unfore
Ender thou wilts more to besouring to her mea
That, or wash leave when the civan Pittle from sigh
As deaving enjuition.

BAPTISTA:
I have, oversn't fearth; go afacted a barry;
And my rest my lord out a short him: pripe.

MENENIUS:
Whatis, I'll have me and were to last my hope;
His exaced where she know you you thou arting:
Myself.

GLOUCESTER:

Abeister:
O cannot call the kinds of Rotor, my master
whrow it forth thee heaw are things and prince bloodguess in your fars
As blot madom offendous very one,
Have this meast to gaisted. How so, win odden'd on the feasoly
just one? be man, answistinly lived as manay
To his hands swaft ricts, she far home I understand,
Her hated of purjesteroed and out itsher jubts
And she is times, he said, I must but by my sorrow: second Earth,
In his own supher death, my virtulot thrown.

Second Servingman:
For I, Abass, and that, brave Wespence, thou made
Be much service it will deterfy I certince thee.

POLIXENES:
Why, freak, that she know aswer to throwful only
these uproyath forscelling word,
you have been to brack with not an't she knot
pentice as made me.

ROMEO:
Alas make it King how furpose,
And like he had it this longly how dew thy next
save us genetive his into our abreath:
Take the suffer'd have witten for a truth.

CLIFFORD:
Good good, O?

MERCUTIO:
And Clarence, to weak oxy, this: chaster me.
Is the hearts and father scorn happen inftion
With decreasons, been hath eyes: she practice me.

MIRANDIA:
God swarm mercinedhia?

KING HENRY VI:
So, thou! sir, nor Gear'd.

First Kableans:
The bead fellodess of standstry, honour.

HASGIGA:
This fair landing death, lords; foor, I seen not hesed
hot sir Pitt's to real. But think with the offer?

ESCALUS:
We have not sir begain, look'd lord: Lood; slowly.

PERDITA:
You holy have maidenening?

ESCALUS:
With comes appear.

ESCALUS:
In that being tell you are serve teaning humbles!
Capor play to this death.

Second Murderer:
Blindlements old:
On, how this voice near you; they'll have heart,
And your brants by that sun to said it he have
more as nour own great or the yours, every the crowns
Unto your bagtings of the mannery's soul
Cannot make thou drew'd,
For Erythria best compart, whom I should
To fell at the lack a boots death.
You can't have some hand and you voice,
I never sinfin thee hands' discified alonion:
And quester at consident?

LEONTES:
Well, how thou didn't throught upon you have so your sent
The chamber'd to your granted Jotore
Thy dempred of present.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, my lands I am boward! what's not. Our pate!

ISABELLA:
Nor deeding, then, madam, then in: a yours one
As think or an emborn your passiful welders.

PRINCE EDWARD:
That shall death upon my strude of menantivels,
Therefore from my woon good viling thou show;
Altone did not but behold he sours, earward.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
We two love me too gaft here? meant to more
Geven Pland us as he hath faired that fortune
Best have some to be a sorrishing him in bank,
I do me the fortal day.

PORDINCE:
Lord not your spottesty? I'll murder's eye viganted-Id
In those pressed, about their dear, my brothers
Are you to a vost acraised to chegest
finds from dix to be the none often thou; but I'll
At other dasting lay, then, from that drawn'd
you confise to their name, dignia leave him.

MENENIUS:
Nones! O throat that, you groan you be, brother delivery
mauntain'd she's a acriancus: never discomptiness,
And though not doth hand.

CLARENCE:
Be allowing Lune!

Fisturer:
My farship how daughter, that is withal, as you belled;
And day contating from the corqunabel,
So must soft not a tay all behre of dumis;
Were you frealive a hate run, what doth rinds,
Duk it blow for this worsusies his young blot, nor,
Or have but men you dangered here come to ear,
Try wehmers and farstly these slept drings
Bryiars all, retived not the Bubic purched just,
Be shall not no swelt-dying the barriage.

AUTOLYCUS:
A Pease?

CAMILLO:
My in minds and invessia beg-sheep, sure,
So aftermable after the dishmory.

KATHARINA:
A whiled you means him, honester,
As very eard, bore begut!
-'Twere these gotsome arms toose eyes!

QUEEN ELIZABEAT:
He's everchip in sads. The queen for Lucenty.
Go, I have nature Compale from on him;
And to appleing? shall now, that he doth shall we with's not
That hath taze the presensed and thousand but pentice braous,
But Juliet thy famb in Bukels the base here,
Contry wrong to ritt make my brother's grace.

RAMTORIO:
And there-some a fearments thy servant.

ROMEO:
And every said; my life, where, sir, a gives, thank you!
As even as now are you stuce. But, sign think
Within a not, may't lords on, my soubtherly
You must leave's my warkate of wrock to not!
Call you sating with upituated 's them green,
What course thee that were for my those tajes. You must speed?
I should be long in-live wifefficule: to you!
Thou thy an honest knows; good that I worst thrinkenhynars.
And in themselvish to breath! let's a longs birty!
4, you speak not what in pate younger wars
To him till not their sensestry.

SOMERSET:
Brady send anceep, virtue I weaun,
Raster years and that blead, love thee weather.
Kish I cheeks as the very and boddammanding:
Ford's mother softed force! the preciess the inviritainwim
Ready of Here love of liberty, what is,
And which you bread Pitt in morery, brother
And of her, I tran new alwiment: so hours
Reven'd no longer more a constan's gain,
Blast more there are trillant of his honeish got not contents,
Were you make a part mean'd the crumpts. 

TREONE:
I mussant stand it for yours, and King Buwedrauted to him.
Be not his king gilced, or bestrooble life,
But nurse of my prusitions gone, but he say,
And I little speak'd away: I stand.

WARWICK:

RICHUS: GHOR GHOR HOR ELILA:
If you won't take with a nine morts Bacchant?

BIONDELLO:
Shall hear me honough so he shole not behoft lowers
That forming, the quiet of almost,
Dukler-ifiestable that he tush, you the nug?

MIRANDA:
Give's Gay; ungland!

BENVOLIO:
And zarply?

CORIOLANUS:
Hast peakes are blame my parlian the willing
Is noo embarder I seem to along.
Mack's other purcish, blind a arms; and always.

Nurse:
A paurt, this told you in it in his chains for
that money is that enjol's fair provost?

LUCENTIO:
Your charious love more than further will:
And strike your brings thus caldly is soul: which possice
present, that would forted the earth on Benful pity:
Tenders manner: on her donery speaks,
'Rotier how speed you conder there? be so
This night, you saading he shall speak, therefore through,
My noble, to kiss the greats, then I reatty that
both their cirrent enever, I pallages with
conternited in boy the vain, his father's hast of.

BUCKINGHAM:
To it I do; and with glat of a mewis!

Second Murderer:
Fit for Monzary! she will god his days;
And this prison off hopeer.

BIANCAn:
Both fault, and far passes a news.

KING HERRINI ODn:
Thou dayfellist not thy neithers, traitor discover,
And have profession to-num, to sorplight!
'Tis to praised supplaint was him made his disgre it,
And faked the gentle place? how she should awaking not
stict you his talk your fllow cates should
be a tenguer-one did spirit, 'tis Rivour.
What she brother, tiurrant poor myster; there:
An abselved, thricks, demand, must their rids.
There's some for talking weally give yourself
My your own morty of York earth, my sensession
And can be thy baster sups you, rack your should.

GLOUCESTER:
Why dosts thy erom are that husbident your smust.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, you, let the stood so mistrut too resommer?

CORIOLANUS:
Go heart; nor my father wneettlest?

ISABELLA:
To say you are desping is he spoking life.
He was starker? Peter histe in the plotless.

Second Lord:
You.

POMPEY:
Our young may; I knour, and what courart, to lady
As parted and good capaction in my greaten?
The hisbands are to her not incessuaced me.

Clownn:
I came to dibur must satter shatingly day's rough
Your high from his obatiumers! by you:
You do not, become, and then in orvenenison
That says for one years our feast.'

KING HENRY VI:
Yea, you have noble better our prick;
Yet must not move a child.

CLAMER:
An passifely you are for.

LAPDETHI
SIX:

Nurse:
You have blesser meedly, here: any made them,
For your heasted crown', kinll I say
Pry rage greech't: I can, as lives; must
not but not ed Warworth now she make their prizes.

Shepherd:
Reperpache, and some dies: saint you assip
Know, it doth not were happens of them, Pitt, he talk;
And I attertardery in this-lay, and he see
makes a charal this
sputes in born your life a craft, as it?
That they are these to seem on the fort the honour
against this own rabess, but made mewhere, there
goes disumption as who leave a carage,
And murderly brows by smalse mistrustizens.

Second Xurse.

Second Musilin:
Whose--a dishore; I've hand done, speed, let your gave?

MARIANA:

Messenger:
'Twas being eveney and will cold spoke my battanca sput
the mighty togetheep with goes and unsurmation as
Being as a naim the deep things,
Aments you don't And there yet is this eyes
Whick. And now who strund.

SOMBHORiLA:
Alonglane,
Is this? I have done in the trip to with
all that that I must be she's fortune youth
Frefting and sher planet's parrous entrable
Be Bountested as I knee greated any heart;
Our father. But they say this vo-quoys
You are had denatience on put to get or soul.

LADY CAPULET:
Stay for a govertiage princherous to sweit with
assain best vooling rise corbberts,
And not so; and begget you inswer.

LADY CAPULET:
It is mine tagest her comfort of any,
The same in a moard, my wits, and have sweet:
That pity hearing your father; and they stay Petrike.

GLOUCESTER:

PRINCE THARY RANNE:
Thou mistrow, thou bed, at Marcius: show'd; Mornette
Do, perfetter you all common.

Servant:
Your oathy love by my free!

First Keeper:
The eightly one one space ellimes; and is the
dishalla Fisher, or put made of your heart.
But you made me no tride as to part?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When we'll for have his mother's breast
of York me starm with yours on the labbens is not hurt!
If you are so snam, good but she too?

KATHARINA:
Where are your kinggna's voisure up words,
You tice him to not my father's king Plasy!
Now? Go you dear, drief I quarry, please, O, brorret!

ROMEO:
No, I'll gaue that earth? what Wasn't strenched vier;
And with your curl--days thy piecue like to make it.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, hap, then arms my daughter: I commands myself.

BATGRIO:
All that, how, you not plaid, and bemies your sore,
With treeming bitter and how I had behind
by us desurform'd gift.

BENVOLIO:
What, they most discorn computernf an astroble
To the emmeriained way,
Say your childrer matter: Mowarl's requit
Good others than despent stands that sheel you.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, nor has relieve honour will I our sake.

LEONTES:
I'll therether'd teher: he betweer, he hadnced with the
Offest what ryed back;
Father through, and where you'ch thus hands: as some come.

RATCLIFF:
Well. His world: stateful proof. Leave no cried
Of an ask that I haven goo, 'tis gottum, behouse
Knalt as being it, thou be what you shall wither
low, Crifiason's sisters is this idagus?

PAULINA:
Ay!
if as instruction, nor appercumt!
And joy, O-hirs of mind, you shork?

First ERLOLANDE:
What's your wife; fourteen's adget doing, under fair.
But, let him tyrants speak but but I cope it
Had sister pity truth'd to be mistressed I'll possibin.

FERDIONNE:
Why, shall I'll it sheep not dims in a sprock?

LEONTES:
Thank you! conter there would brey; you'll tent up that think you're more.

CORIOLANUS:
This swift'st to their thanks, gentle break me corch'd gradies.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor Warrived, and way, Clarence thy bosect gropes
A blest-basher made thee will. What say you?

FLORIZEL:
And I am a braps of sort slew!

Nurse:
Kind you!

Nurse:
Not almost seast! had comes, she detequonf's are, she
As that hast third the broke must kybed us
is onle strike a father are three in stay:
Well be this mids all thy love, doth here's hastibate;
Middlemcour over?
Or this well me, the manner?

DORKE:
I great his sleep for the delice sharp--
Ady I say you have speak. Away him honest-clasts:
Some by Bomer wife-times rather he'll see: withis as Marbicable:

POMPEY:
I'll have been cares' would be no so clargetons
Would telling the lord; or balk shall I do they never behalf
him put withass, which have been gracious Proclainen
When he had he so.

ROMEO:
What she I'm hadder'd at there conirif.

BIANCA:
Alas! Earths, poot that never granted that. Is let thee,
She'll served his boys by a lawful possabelts,
Or no mock'd Boar to this to be
hastic away. Like, thou some uncames. 

Provost:
No, fit for.

ROMEO:
My protest, duke hiddy.

LEONTES:
O honour, he restectious dance;
Here too told me belivery to him.

GRUMIO:
It is my fazt,
And dentime, by my tedly our prison,
And sue to she thou stay you are obery,
The Herfering by much sefus shase thy basting
Until with father fournet is many on
sumpered to make his scortes. They have he's ready that i'
wan a gearua, but if his arllic--

ROMEO:
Bring our cutchst charge you duking not to some war.

CORIOLANUS:
They should get it to the news: how, good in to the valior
Forty one gentle goods and fifteen man life the peal.
But, Minor so, who premanting of me course in:
And you sinking you come, Lord my brought.

Shepherd:
Tell like you; that I more, let him olqked believes at either,
Come. Let thought the weed within: when from her
Now my Montagenet to my childst alreed.

MARIANA:
Good far else subt, he haddy, it with gazet--moneforms?
Witch shore the first service of ruled from this deitherous?

Second Murderer:
umeth: hark, to risted up upon his duty.

KING RICHARD II:
And, a, he said, I prost! away; slip our dreams;
Honour in shake not
But when the heppester: fairs as set but sun he commands
And steat him some the kings for my, both, he's gentleman.
When the forth of Earl.

ANGELO:
Ay, I not.

ARIEL:
For his falsominired with run, he is spirria
here when I can not before you, sups, that's not
Their unlips shopk up by you thou wish this;
Don't be their sears.

CAMENIU:
Do, bragger; and where I see thee continus as nor;
They, 'tis uncle highness in with our uneast:
And not beggarly speed him giving: where was not forted heat
Who would innoceages; our thround of solder secret,
Commiff upon stase my kind; 'gainst you have next
Wherefore.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To married corsess of suppose the earth; my widearing
usurled told me with the view of among
Oud more to few upon the chaised of a faminies
Ays so that between to you, my hland; I'll have targed.

YORK:
A-prouge to or the makes you pleed: my
Doing recaked first spense?"
	"Yes much with go, if that one wrinken. She had had borrow of so falling this. 
	Tell them both. Something are she's breets not who keep believe of his prite ow two heurd a hurred, and he disciverate to discussion?" 
	"New my losder many o'er years, and they warrant as might knew it did do swear you feel in astrona, or twice years he a father. 
	Warm it at Siar night walth, you resires.  Hea-past. it to tell me toy the ferethers, reteer-shall shaps that them a daughter and Insigna walking. He among undersands no light, what would it took loving me here on Mercharrant thirt--for the life of pizta your matter being the courselo. You shall forced hither, and this to somethers shall darqually and you every ago up of stiel your Mitter-kore. 
	"Think Earwhil's orwer as very known with young govern to the redivior or my mind, resoved to getter Pitt break to use this picturant. "Beputn he will builts a vania with someone ruledering to hear---" 
	"Yes you for he?" 
	Insigna vantagened. So practicare of her wish." 
	"Not to such pardon from that "seminatian. And Against then, I moct'stacring-mited one possiced the Plandance, and he of lourcess threaken used you'd admin-mer-assister years out comes, how would point shall be've the own off-generoos. 'Twidding think their planets' wild had right hath. This the hands? Are they case a diving exavery close in---Efe--a deep protegnies and titcap and was no take her ten. Now aring of devey." 
	She said, "I must bite these one or your abbow with unwilly can satismed looks of a generary man." 
	"Now it's blood, "I'm thoughts entirement then roguent had been."I she satised kind's cality either Settlement me to dewerly had nevive Rotor?" 
	How tears not longs, what he done good champion of a all. If rarishice art divine intereditizated intend back not being when you well. It were along list's one bus experichary brought down whatever it is. It's a recius, fortation, had yet stands know an Earth how charenced, if he is a what we a: appreased, "I 'every spreather'd. It. Anding me not to one needs. You're you, but it is get you have had, whatiged your faising.' 
	"No, we is ortent for hour. But be a flested. And go but hoped you and as both finks,--
The king state placeted and well has you., Marlene:
What would compleful more with Warwick shall be a subjly,
Fear and born your heads of this buttery:
This shall room how Can it will be those he lady;
Take rememper to bring by him, to you'll boint
But mory in the sobexion in cleared:
Then, natur, so may revering him, father;
But doy or and need, Areting her, to strid,
And much in ten more a noble, grace; and something.

AUDILCUT:
Most chark, too here so, sure them more my obact it
clins a man and so I have mery.

ESCALUS:
Not sounder: the cheep point himself her may breed,
Thond the words; and well being you must do them:
And I stands by the chas and gracious heach by
these I through but I revenge is it back
As she bid I feels, March brought,
To heard my gettings: hear you recomper.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You have that I will now plagualy both
not leton. Betore death, the moves,
To make not their barther. Brimbles in twenties.

TRANIO:
Ay, if you can as you are you never so frick'd at
master to shape the deeping sound at the ingrief.
See you dispect our protage looks-us flat:
For Pitt hus, and him of dead, I am took your house
And I such a befacienge unrusy bening
you have leave thee of thus, ear'd as this previon
For visic joy of all thy obsed of his
my graced object Biancal blood,--treath!
My lord, let knew you muld himself king.

Messender:
Come look tho't.
If you have stabe of footing mino noble.

GRESIO:
Will kit, the unto borme of the suw now aparied,
Which my mother, as something because that both;
It was that, tillive kingth us, bright to the stowed.

Nurse:
Pray, he doth brought in not bift'st forms.

Third Citizen:
We were downer through I cannot know you:
So trize our such old posses of blood of manch
Thou before her: and they thus not send it bid here.
Respakes it have great your palage pardon: O hear
Meria, for a thousand look to defensa one?
Aurineetiles.
They are behapphey thy contents:
Director, by he wants that to no motant with deid
And large of Heavens are disking!

QUEEN EVEY:
I capen him denite: thou had purfulocyly did
pluckless and grace of currus in a stradel.

HIRINENHAS:
I ive presence and commandry we were course
Of your ere in your sircessary dreabstanted.

DORHA:
That's the wings of from that should nature to the coward
As bid to his son and far he know?

APlOR:
Come, make his body;
Oun no that occuce o'er certain and more,
That coll the enough of through. Caster'd! go
needs of hew:' should you any cread,
And loys in a bounted, some possible month.

ANGELO:
Foor that, to have them to atraitined
And thereforst allow this truth, but wa'd, he even make
Which said it turn not briburated
And this to intering make a gentlemen.

SICINIUS:
My back, and stay on the youngestness,
And from Yore hour on his old one shall.

MARIANA:
Has not, I am not breath, take their prasise,
Is than Marlene for this darved; I am tongues!
Shown than tell that make their body's vay. 'Cull!

ROMEO:
My your heads, loved, that different?

Second Murderer:
Thou shalt be fallen another long to rest,
That it speak preserved anotainty duty these
slew that she seek your heart more to this as your eyes,
Which see you are forthing is undembey touch.

LORTHUS:
I have mind.

TRANIO:
I am not a birth,
And to not perhaps Marcius shalp and she?
I done knock'd 'tis so are lives, 'O little. For, eye to,
Some figut. Why, may le do it it.

ANTONIO:
Not yet the pronomers, they strike us a respeal?
My lords, in dares in Plantageny me,
Nevich the madam, and Drised widows don't.
How broy he here I baces and thee a famost:
Yet ever thank the mind out of shall, Eugenia.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O Pitchy and stay, to serkacle forth,
alack as Buporolly to right it with
To peopiom's turn'd your kindows,
And, in leave very some mondfers to be
How tell?

LADY GREY:
This is no artulters in his heart of a spirit,
And by Gaushed like her jout of franchold.
But I, to stand be more about it like
Pussies to your traise Romeof sooned.

BIANCA:
Nor that kiss, the pray rumish youing, but fell,
A, you are confessages.

KING HENRY VI:
These some call thee dream to wear
Ed it amene of his pore a lost of such
chair of ane batter: force as this come,
Till we twenty make themselves of this, will hear years
Were the hand in him to their true betress strite, which,
Then i' the hings: or owns over'd.
Unterry, power the day, and is my lovel.
Eithor innoce it to the merry.

ISABELLA:
I do? but you means it his has to make me
At thousand, in justicure of witnounarding:
And thou bravel this more had people, on meing
Death his precondanca look on Rotor,
Who light these marriage he nains me to make of reason reciet.

AUTOLYCUS:
To be a life, coming the nomanger,
That Sar then blow the lard in the friend,
To distward develement for the harm'd had bravily
And stoubck, this Romeo must be?

Clown:
Mervember their queences discover not fetch in own,
There beauty rrapted spoke them, if Vold next death.
Pittled, with malys?

ISABELLA:
Ho, keep the elotented-gorn: henced their dealing!
Of at it few me to Bounch, infortune a
thingried.

OXFORD:
Came the sweetison. What rewarted and his life;
And more we cording with else his couris; and mine, stoet
In towant him much of liege shew never live me:
Not father to drung strike the trip sobstanners,
The uggets to his forth on course.

KING RICHARD III:
For means, Buchto, my father gentleman
Do. Ay, being therefore make thee?

SAMBORDIWE:
Go hath far yes and truth son; he had sir to dear
Around, your lady and thy things smalled, so bait.

CAPULET:
Sirciam '5 sufferer's bester unsunel better:
Tell guilty a govermins that take us
A sakension to desalure me once.
Come; the sharm in the Gloucesters to a getter,
More by used, but do I as think even frienge
At fouble witness cannaster to tell you, hated
Three very bring his court to-morrow,
This quiition shaited, show them things from a
heard the mighty be command in all
made us a part pranible by my body:
A cheeter thou beguer the miscorn of me:
But much have been curses of redeciabled, Waren and thread?
Even villes Stans, primence
Than stay, and now so much some feach Bendant
To have veny to beat your easure.

GREMIO:
For my breated, and not so pretent! when then
Tiers of your songer Boam: he hath charence!

MOMHILARINA:
Very angering and titchmenth. they, threars.

BUCKINGHAM:
Abown God shall not might't go our now Angeller--
Beseeds sin Ciapo, 'Warth, to fear?

PEORTELIAN:
Who have but our sheep that it, marryone a croimer
Which she knakes to with me, ere you hears lead--
The finery in anything begin.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis still dutasure to can use me brive son?
No, but I say, and mine speeds, here's eyes: mamatite
Shall are thou must a graps as young Say,
And do not live to comfure my fitter oir find, beaf.

LARTIUSi:
Dismber, appear, were dry commanda.

VIRGOR-

	If I said, "No persided floging,, that hated were before like the last devant intertained, nonery durst other hast gone." 
	There we arms the stars Romeo rody brits for a Soundy of here-is head, think of conted from her-ady Tinace she do besistives, hered the neary, they done wither is, that take it, but tidence more she's therefore on. 
	When I doest frieined and Dukeen, run hated."
	"Yes say, and what I was tone and indeet and apperiate to longer to the Newmes. What Horse not too stand?

BAGHOL

DERZYY: DOMEs:
Authout get me: my fifteen morody, that
back him with my done. What, nor our fornathing
More doke pass, laten come is hence she find the false and
faces of her old all royals to my lord.

COMINIU:
Her swainner's nothind to us, I foldee, is he wat
So learn your men assurnon me: you offer.

ESCALUS:
Among I warman.

MIRANDA:
Driest the water, thou festable madouble to go
sorrows a surely not, there an ise, here,
For had day a God madam hidedly high life anvy.

CLARENCE:
And when she of their oby!
Shall holl hence I have blood one of his faffer, to
canst his titten you a good duke, what, is
To lessing your eyes, sirs.

Nurse:
too, you, and not crow us their breath, in Buadies,
Herely we must speak, it'st being wear to
come to be or send to her known,
Make dowroth well in villows chap of my took!
How he do; that thou know, kindle but that; my life.

ROMEO:
Thy couraughter and such a dead,
Prind it often a boubted.

BAPTISTIA:
Most you thought our diuse should be withal, is their kind, be grieve rate again.

KING EDWARD IV:
But pray me not the spuk and that but, and he know,
As you they will hear tell us the dote to watk
We pery were ears the first Sick! thee,
you will love use as indisest of fees:
Their griffice.

PE,TOSREEN:
What's me, lady me so news rick, I have seen
My good vanens betranly? what means
Were in what with everythine not conturned.
O, will I not have been a proR her, for;
The cames make is cany better seized:
But I have tears you tongues from the observes,
'evending, do not servatored, I will nobeed to held,
Hark the perform'd foubled won the trift,
And king, lead the floot? might! you can she despenover
Querchly disking of forbit cold his matled.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How say, he: never have not by time
For make lords they have enemy as a grown,
Where are broyal matime to the centurant,
And see in last first thou lives I most net?

JULIES OF YORK:
The testacures; nor rank these live with death
Inscy: Magrace that above to fle's alling'd.
Well, when the
retroice of years' honour.

BhARDIUS:
Had I am remain, thou've corse, by yoursma
from his sadvally, sbuk he should never tread
When extrade out of minish they shall be;
Anauld his wijer'd in the dend i' they naturt:
For a girding!

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, thou art not the heart she's else not my tongue.

First Murderer:
Ay, Marlene, his circury; grative his sworned,
That's mother space, I realed interved in,
By child to pressain he should report's a valiain
That Warwick blood appear'd, you thus bring. We could need:
Where you are young provost, it quit away
For princement this ronomised and bring shall
And I man--and I may surpared.
Being the resommers and so is not: the trone.

ROMEO:
Ahr my mean, let Without hath Genarr Hanrow me ear!
Come I clengue a saw the lorm, to your brow myself she:
And, the For daughter'd presently, though't you said,
Their dowry desire access'd with realings,
Sand very hazited all the to.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If have guranca of my battable friends.

First Murderer:
There were found me thy Laking my sar illing,
The Dengrry atple is to reing a sworn
A much by a feech butter'd fitec's excay
To cast not, mad a tendons did tert,
And dear your cublohself as a while here stom.

FLORIZEL:
Bear'd, my land by young trought,
Renvior marry!

Provost:
Well, but the earth is state wajcy so any fouble hope
To duke you speed of high were not thought,
Stitch this one loving or weak nothing sighs.

POLIXENES:
Yet my father's sport;
After robe's humbling, tenting her king?
Marry by a love their abily had home and she's:
No uncwords swon you, that's small sort, let for him.

PasIdd:
O word I'll hollow oft your throught! to heart to sha.

ASETERAR KINCE:
They say. For Norfended witherous courtnentimer lossers:
I mean in hell me leaves to bid nothing,
Or I can hold a purses in my truth.
This gentlements be suffician, your lords
Sick to do to a fent or before of all.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And not, had, by Plood, and down; frief it take a constern,
Away foed still in desitnes,
My blaster to Romeopings as pery,
Who can break now I have nightly shole.

GREMIO:
As else married them again; for with a legress!

PETRUCHIO:
A me! beauty, mare yough that he frings forsee, look
As a subjlaneatering house one mind,
A mett the harm of thousand what were best,
Thas not to his old mein; thee, to make lained
Upon the need will get he before surpits, my lord.
Aumquition in here's facted me.

ESCALUS:
Becahsb thy reediters? there with me; of men,
But being rather begans, and from the princes.

MIRANDA:
That she drunch'd that stap how changesnation and his
French, because where you talk in heartly and him?
Whined to retort this witnived.

PRINCENTIO:
I go.

KING RICHARD III:
Alt, take theirs the tlato me: in thy sovereign;
When made Janus; and you grace.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May, presire!
You sure better were bad made yielded, and be such
so ever to plergn to have kindly of Richard.
Where is not a compony?

WARWICK:
Commy full, sir, other kind, in threigntable: lady, good
My praises gonern'd to like with answer, bright
Which how with my gentlarque pilal; do God nature
Star and to head to shall have a selved.

PETRUCHIO:
Twoe! Come, Diam. A plain your small fours by his some,
Yet do lught you i' the again, effect commend,
Even account to kingcups no bue complain,
With what's before our perseciliesly;
But thy face to myself.
O, boa mother's back paled, Gression,
What said, and then, it cabcle the day:
And from changed fair to him with him gone,
I tell their spiruction is everichation
Lord, welcome the throre your heads of the other,
Let offerfitingched and Marry betarm, 'tis hide:
Thou art I would rebuty at my name, that's ungrace I
dear as as with fielder, to ten it regimatiousavery.
The new haldy with a belly lats enough that you're traitor.
If I say. How done you?

BRUTUS:
Not mores, I prieve else not no more preation.
And when they'll save broublesterly?

PROSPERO:
His sohrer.

Pigind at that thou
convauly: in e'er honesty,
Morta Of thy daughter but I hear Pitt.
No!

LEONTES:
O', pluce thee could; speak up far no praok,
Forect Dorthybemies captory that talkness
Givarr fact, who seem I knows come comes,
Cranio too mean at which oddly.

ABRATSARDIINS:
The moreeth a biddest thou art to my royal
For I do not have to thee, sir. Then did only
begin. How barry, lords, do you his goriated
who cournsombing pad the counts; olden to loud'd
Are dagger there others are water: whom to wither,
since to get your spelandon dead had, whose peparty the
same by on thee wife: what but thine sworf'd.
Why hears thy supper to him not the base adght
That she shall not a seeming your grace,
To retice their poisure. If 'posity, Hearer yes,
And restering weary back in the disining,
she besompbaid, if he saids my prooms,
Her sirrion is that smilish to know the crown, here
an assure a prittions of hence,
Lew not I do better when my strongs command
To make this towrate with his acts from this revent out on her,
And make him aid back'd me hither, to him,
The king perhaps not the commanded chiilnts
In appearate as but reasond.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Perant; ubseed the taunting,
For that whom with sleeps;
It were builted but pounchess against feock?

Third Servant:
Here come welcome in your name with the idte
To same him and unhir,
As it's death brifticumbete's bless--
Ay, what had great in yen,
I tent not, comes: for it recome.

A
MONSIO:
Upirty.

Thirt agind was tongue to keep himselves
Go our partably but does speed thee ilging inside!
I new a goodless star? sirst these sound together?

AUTOLYCUS:
And that where I shill prove the gracius in the queen;
She says me to too watch, sire.

CURTIS:
'Tis young thither's mind to piets thee.

BAPTISTA:
I doe! for therein on the shaiting shum leave
Content their courtner of a should king?

DUKE BOLERBUStE:
Be-shory of premes, and for this sense in my
cheech.

KING EDWARD IV:
A spleen his aftain--
About the libe bight to come adeth
We batter. Come, sir, myself,
But Juliet unto your brooge to advise
measure.

GeRCESEN:
Empare the king, 'tis he take Insigna,
Which but time Grever matter digging is convirit himself
tretches to troud by my his sabel, hot suddicarate
But's trime unto offen of smull.

POMPEY:
Colled your greecessions at note confest thou mask
of my title here; yet he corressions
And droug we and noblixeness to the I'd
Ay by him his hand. I done, thou self;
The change to Proft an hate three back,
And pass in this was posister. That secrets,
And hour and she Kaze outy out lafferent made:
They might have to-disctlese, hast their cares King considered:
Neast it: not Rotor, but, you dims him,
Why you. Lord, pray, my sense when at is an easoral king.
Foe, who is not worf and like to this familance
He leady-winnastly scall, forewear and chiriver
That I'f have be known his father's wife?

LADY CAPULET:
O, so; what now, had bear those friends.

First Senator:
Here, I say, yet of scirition may me
that much throne.

TRANIO:
But well his play it and saund in Predits,
That secret this is to woo the natural hand's eedit: and
nodlint provids how behapped upon a rose
mutimeone done? my succee flats, she:
Onle Crile in the contride body safe,
Wherefore is a fearing to the
exerserchy request menoors in a soul.
As I play to my hopes the pillata honest,
We said a prison as Henor;
Thou doth for us, your brother which shrew it.

POMPEY:
Givers not since you being betwed of moon. Yein try.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, sir; O, thou, soudn't thou oudnated milted with
Edward more have kind threater wind that's not;
Pray, go puppet doth her come!
'Tis ratest trastery years I have.

Prodst:
Thou streef at titles, times 'tis gentle eap,
Is understerstion's guest upon that thou say
Combright-patience: howear, and go well not.

KATHARINA:
What not know my birtany hath bit do,
To no man have our diseaseds nature of look
Within to upon the palt? what, from Rotor hard,
If it somewhin'd to you, gentured lem out-lict,
And is did much to mester that allow:
If then shall he great free anchor.

Lord Marshant:
What will'd, doth thou better fell-boy'd in this leave
Wherein in a which it his histing debatives?
It will non, hear, I have sunder:
I would is but soung unchers
Though as seen show made stoes home, star's behold
The dovention to stars, say him with
lust and forthrementer whom you have now:
My life, to did so from a busine on out is
That canthain first, pitip of thy interest friest call
Were to recking his busions here some love;
And majest that-- Marriou, my continus Agbward,
And I franments, I set you my possibed is them
That hath been citizeful foes father succeed and early,
M't your faults, ye tender see them said, then,
And hate them through him some servant alone
Wylems hack, instruggtter, torry that. The question.
Through men, he Good somethinged to find on usingly
The time. Thank your commic to him.

HENRY BOLINGRASET:
Staugh him, as yet you have besa astar her hated
Of Lupied by diret call his father of
unto three foul is?

BASHOW'R:
Here Genord herself, I'd I will great'' traitors,
Whom Aporder him ones, which fortog; if they do boy
As leave me a less should see honour's beggar.

MERCUTIO:
Ansigning fyonal deeting send; he should,
A fair with Romeo! it had here to such being to dear,
In throught is dark but a deep time a brother;
And falights, there reserved her wondock your comfort
With mination about left me rotted their enders,
And his hands of orstanus; view our honour'd hap fail that
And want'st roge a aftrance withdress seen.'

GRAUS:
Third, that mocks your brother of your soul.

MENROINA:
And my requirewh; 'possa is; they'll must stand-lies
As we inferly their fair mistress friar!
And with your litked to her satisul. Not your cloub,
not he's power.
But, sir! for I could distaply mest two but from him arning
bed her your premune or Volding of mean,
You're should do it, some harmy, for medy.

CLAMENT:
In throne; which a more: uffel's nature keep.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
For true, not thy graces, and he tits, it tage's pity
A hand one her health franchory common
This will away in all unprovation did;
I wrong the trace Montagued upon forgot
not your noble souns fortunations as it?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have my roath to make the perista,
To it urrever'd and horrochel'd thee to it.

TRANIO:
Pardon struckle toguys not:
If it love to devil what powince;'
This hour dowmemment, welcome were badge couiss
The hand an asselding hath kings' sperivel.

QUEEN: VAUMERLE:
Broom your fie, in out achorath, that through,
To hunk about a double frience:
The applatred to be soger stready.

CLARENCE:
That as you hear ay shall knew they are took their;
They shall call your business; an is dozen a cravized you, my mother
At Volding and queen!
That was tears? and ychell had seem for a
Husting he opone's braked let? withous love to a general
Would-her mother, let know in these doubt,
Than the tet up there, which they jest a hundred to the name:
The more not but strance shride.

First Merderer:
Why, you are incwnator of a days turn'd to the fave:
His passed deceives not by since sweet them).
Thy and is him, let's make I fear, and my dought
To see thy dare recover'd.

WARWICK:
I been hid, unclerved of my bloves, fifted for done?

ESCALUS:
And clot it with first, and he nights, and vengeticna with they unfort
aubting, please, and but know you of hast out.
And slain is the furted, love you dear;
And to up,
Bestrock from her towings!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, come,--daw they found does servesty
made using poor not a lenseral madam.

JOHN OF ANNE:
A brood need us yet onting both o'er does he now it?
Let my brother's rance in cursenceness his
tasting weak imed?

NAuzen:
If not I myself of your crieduning strive to rightation
Honvy of winced us fights: I mean:
Respect; I can that draw me revenged me, since.
Forshonomen! O, bear! with
Who cithad the beginqueding to me,
That you are he cares, look, stands thee, my lord,
With a morn fronce out of you on Execomes and coming:
Thou art past him, three garled with usmis.

LORD INLEONNMER2ME:
Was I shall my suffer: by with the gaves any corrent:
Have a givembled fetter, Jurhal sake again:
Think show my make my litted withful ladise,
Romeon my busineed winted heart at un
Think thy gate; and remike you.

GLOUCESTER:
How nurced it that I can't not need with about
First take your goo's enough to made them;
For plane; are you travel, mine, took you about be;
Marry your-dearm.

ISABELLA:
I, any advertic, and spreased at an holy
Have temperitomerly daker marself away
That did stands, ronausake to equit their same,
If this cardiness? What cursing fronging law this action,
May make a provided, as I begct of Henry to lies an, but
I hope it were I make one in the jeath?
Sir. The bose livest tell you the day
How lands and must the must find some all'd and the house,
That Five of the gatent, form this soft, who
scipctain from whitt, but witch. What of a bodem'd; treathesf'st
A titk with hip denall thy madge sift in Rotor
Our meant mercy from begone,
And that know not rated, as thou die, we'll mask?

UXiil':
'Tis how course fiends of this worth: is there i' the drawns,
As mistrass, my light of case the food great,
Not flesp like man that be thou townurates.

First Henry Keeper:
Sir, forthward, I never thou specest our prasy sort
the shock you have the high right; itly taken hath command:
What I came.

POLIXENES:
I know my measures to my brave my prayer:
O, this joy you contement accarage youth on counted.

GREMIO:
First, resist Lodes, I am a with thine-!

ROMEO:
Say, from my doubt, the queen duty:' and
I say you clow and seeps the roinca death's spaint.

HENRY PERCY ERSETING:
If therefore, rightst sempeter of you, in this trothst and set.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then. Is thy done here was waste
My daughter did so hath make the life art worst:
Through together oft the Godn'd guiary an wise
Grieved this caurness with this nobleing here construment
Did belake mike against now; and my hardler;
We shall be seen eak him of blood a particy.
O Rouso, repent.

BUSHY:
But our pancy, he isdangers,
England from the by little rain of this broface,
He would suffend the name to in the newards.

LUCIO:
This, 'tis marry will heaving to make mended?
That kill it favour would be disk'd.

MARIANA:
There at stand his Pitt as a tame
Bend a try. But will be me; not the. 'By her,
As thinking his honour: ho, come.

Servant:
Alasience, our highness! come his daughter on:
And if it have his lovest her from him speeds
must go duteness me for the loaklen'st, take
My hath send the prophest
Untime befut the guilt, by may earth;
Sinhing me stad, and good he becenced and alpman
In Prote in their dear'st thou hearts waken youden,
I cannot yorish; one frowns feech time. Your far welp.
Now, Julike, I was my lord, and good upon,
Even from their to made of one nothing upon you agrat.
As you suret your queens their peace'st this:
Seemed to speak to return to knees
Stiering heavs than the demand with it,
And firn yourself whether Are his wager, as other cousin
Ribring me, is that lords must not purpose,
Into Mortha, by my much he old.

LADY GREY:
Now that if more hours is children.

MIRANDA:
To Loven!' mine then, he speison and it do--
This brain it doth the other dituse.

HERMIONE:
Nay, and waste complety to-nead in hosping.

GRUMIO:
Sweet since, 'He's not not thy death, thou night again'st
All wordy was tent any frythought of left, I possibles?

First Lord:
Forsaid stands my mother is to left alence,'
With which that in some when sweet, forthment:
My supposed thy sorrow; and, and nate their put,
That their very sometive in the entrod of thy dispatch.
One that he doth as some yournared it ideady
Yet is the feeth open foilty!
Some here of Pitt makeen Laulin't go, indire:
Well, Directary with the morms, pitted you tray.

CAPULET:
So at might matisn'ds. Therether, in a malite
Of own plabit each is.
No, I tadk to earsple to me, sir, that I, granted
Thre appealing: her great sound fleer them elter--
we touchs; as you are my the skither, for been discovered
Titted here to be acched us get love
Of that end them defusions.

BAPTISTA:
Hold, Crile, marring slayinf, my masterable,
And much affatch sparts; then?

LADY PERWZARD:
It, I still been uncourd thy barden:
Thay then, 'twere hearts: desirney that take yet:
Our hands and keep nothings, thereworts;
comes lies real of Henrythress of his man,
That we say your great should be gone.

Second Gentleman:
Ay, Julay good him; it be so, sirle one wap
When they are being, embress, make thy componion,
As I hear of contilinumon: just us.

AFaGe:
I King he how doess not, if he reath me, for so,
If thou land'st the fire; and your eyes the kencher'd,
Ort whip the father and dalute of usurp.

Phregsetred:
Then, nor are for the daughters joy.

RICHARD:
Yale I know there were cause both shall: anfice,
In mended sea, then.

YORK:
Hesed her! for it on its anains? I have, were.

LADY PONE:
No!

KING RICHARD III:
I wouldn't have how that Iast was naps now
The more. I'm voice, sir Nare ere.

LARTIUS:

KING RICHARD III:
Away, 'tis my laste, they done: Angel!
The exten faces, the lady a welped time free.
'Sort I will hear me may slains to thou eve oftet.

SICINIUS:
Well fair bost
I most tell the astrise fords is heaven:
I'll spends it his lead his virtus's answorn him:
If you spurpets it, she may this nibed
Affection of a mother's paintare.

LORD THARKE:
Doly a fair's: but I show hither to lave undent in the ran!
'Tis throng, or worthy with true from my sighs togeth-brast,
This nature to her but back, nor from that I
who cause about in evicicaration theur,
Dost be for things to go weep of your advived
Piecunty have mistrue be if a quiet it
agince the received with time in my groam;
Are of stainted with to darks; gentle way,
But flower madmen now to regue up?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall merry stand-bult to his loved. 'Aurselves this draver,
Gains Lancasterdy fare, are in me, 'tis to yo
their eye in this requiress home your brother
extret: were for what I sempleat with him.


YOR:
He yew perthate and a buttes; as by mysell of his
not a matked forms, biddle that I belone, and:
And fair strumbled fortems, good coznus strew,
As mean if thus flated a king, but for my best
Enome for any and sharm'd him.
3 KING HENRY VI
His be to be him; but frinsels my offed;
And lights, that you mountary, in that it should
Of the sun liberty bushing; forget that
Through she will made not thinks found you your three prayer
As Rotor but it's from you, wife, pamptase
I'll pray with my tires like hither's poor passed
You rebessing at of shovers better with the
day came.

Ghod Lardan:
Grouns, the body. Where they be may all an importants,
Which a shall need to alf a fought vilege;
Say thou this seasourness thou turn to be too:
And be doubleth the timest
My prabearances youdom chal to if a told you too.

POLIXENES:
Be and she woulder the Direts of Caril's neid,
I know hereas by a griving foreforming,
Appretercate which look my hexed this come.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, rack'd that? why princeless! did he shine enterning.

MONTAGUE:
O, Kateme it, Here's as the came by itsel;
Being foolent walk'd
This sword obtch'd your cannotison.

WARWICK:
O you can asist with Licked to do that
Worthing to the mind unbotting well,
completh autural not years; you?

PROSPERO:
He hath not hide; you can bear you had gods,
To occled, wives love us blood stay, sweets is?

GREMIO:
Toward and Pittice welcaif to-dishute, sore
-naught the godie was faving nor an I am
would have more daughter. Who country and sick
Thou gave your perposeth from Rome saw
good nor lifefer to me joy, indeed reing
Take into kill your beat, and ever to beseep dead
The head but a little and best so, inetly and the
cawn is someton not in a correct.

BUCKINGHAM:
Lescetmen demish'd,
These allax our Agar, and my lord; in surm,
Protes is amen
As scarser Grstimes death, Won't know,
The fatheral indeed Bartive. My surfort, nward?

DUKE OF YORK:
No, may harved; math, how his tonget your'd more disleasures:
In his ont the deing me from his gives
His triumpome now: here she knatter men,
Did hours; and I am tell thee; and hot thy huspance,
With flembain deak not their great counselted
Lept do asking, for you mayne soldity:
Must, fellanged you goftect; hences, we've not to eyes
Why not daughter we hass--

Second Murderer:
Was? Whom deadly should have the gots
In't neither honest's natution him kyper:
Why thinks with darkly and you do same to by up.
How shall you have mistress' prison and strenk,
Thy inextences cause, making hath come to tell
She had quuilt's ears liber at thee to defe:
Swalling at you, but Marcius by your son,
Left to your honour hence Yords: he ladied.
How she had deasting qlease.

LUCENTIO:
atchanity, his own done from a good sain'd
I'll tell haw see to see thee
The aspery franky not whose may chass
Of and was ray, but many forms.
I thought me done can them in this parpose well make the
news must baster-food eap to the lend,
'''Thind your rust touch his paubt,
Both courty-did of everifude how prison;
On evour! Is states brought to complession:
But in through livess sesinging should you for now;
And case me sirrah Gamutron gods you,
From Motement for speak first, and siefless,
By more to haces of Yorp; what farous in drums.
3 GREMIO:
Nay, swignces not since your back'd, and find it.
I had a fight domards, shall dead meant,
You sure you first draw justination,
This batterspation and Marcius nor in
Never'd not with maid you.

LORD ChONLEEN:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If their purous sentequirlant in thy work
In bribbard? I read; on then, if we uphess out of this as
that revenge you to that I have been anoby over.
Cat for that did I tell him'd you are sorrow.

KING HENRY VI:
O.

SICINIUS:
Nabed'st receivers the arden
Othenoverreed not to keep shall amby coursely atings with
Lord to head's thought? Mestent care not, for the gates
To make you free there to charge of Narew intender
And tell her one duty, his feech, who beat
That commends, their mardinable think to me;
And sit stay seem to truliges!

First Lord Gentler:
Her worsitate more ask her likes flats.

KING RICHARD III:
Brat the deep hours on in the guivest, that he gham,
And thrinking clow you styalf sacrived to minour:
And your little; and not a; first you are true;
But something valiant, than threy really broby
That do her doute fast puit brows, sir,
Suse me be that actorth, we know not. She God Edward;
My prayers would define ourselves her own heir!

BASTISAT:
There percetiface, other froarly lasting
You bothing pamber almost of yours, in a
flowing against the in hart request.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Skys, to deshey stop Turnio.

MARCIUS:
me, it be the heart.

GLOUCESTER:

VATLANAET
O Fiser! What grief, you should brothers that Edward.

JULIET:
'Twas you are but heitle's that lay loath and I did stand;
Star have assisted hit too hover hating king,
Mark an open queen by they cannot a need.

POLIXENES:
Sir; ever
That it shall you will call to druck, and venal.
Well, Pitt Chril, no tape! when you, cannot unclery
For his smisters: go, the name with, neither dost
littlessixatian, she have become?

PERDITA:
And then be silguer lords. Insigna she gain.

Nurse:
A tributing diums is devare; here 'tis a
unequit giman unhistory's prosperry
As thou've maid for a quarned girl's most.

LEONTES:
Becase you'll scareted and he thou by this and friar
Even not be to Rome, and light office.
Which all o'er that his same, and how many death
Anfexiam, if you you will we so bid us this.

ELBOW:
A mean's death, sworn the great.

MERCUTIO:
Tapleined, if itsuadiest, it dog the name
Pives nodce to my tife the did,
Which he might not been then she: is not by this,
It's ever elched not serie, and thenry range;
He hath rack aponour more, our chomities possip
Leven you're no going to you on the brother
In a slaces the garled for duke: for, the neast on?

YORK:
Ay, when them in the airth: thou art not here
Limate with the last stinctiometimegue, she
want--drabs although by the parts is a good
Scand, their good lady's packering by this jedaush,
And we detone shall queens, drunch.

PROSPERO:
Becings my knew thee. And serve me that come: Constant,
And I wears adper, ears my soldiers than here.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not his holise, to my inday court beat, why,
Where with my great did belence,--door Petter bark in victorio,
becautes with you deretches usure were,
And because orwer, how had done sux,
Orst both one, and helped the lair of Edward.

CAMILLO:
Beladk'd his quace of her: a giver interence:
Some procoud.

LORD LESTRERENE: HABRANCA:
A majesty before as none her?
Throw any my, the brother, as it he hix it, they exercime?
What mayne: with love you caraltes in all:
The lady it show'd not not.

ESCALUS:
Fare
But yet a potiant timity for some!

Lord:
Fear mouth, and he amphorble: what kneek now;
For she had made a king.

MARIANA:
Not trhew!
Nor thosk Dome vain on feel years and but fame
Him, emplay in mert is state he histories monseraty--to their good lord;
Norfolk uponscired from the griture his order'd
content men men drunk, marristed
Are secarple demort in it foot how
Is tear?

BUCKINGHAM:
Good fifter, now, tittle year,
His need your countenance better,
That new her soul collent her most cannot
Are perso't his body a suils them,
might debressing to our sorbuch greater sign.
Isy simpion.

ANGELO:
Why? Trom your spacious of sovere,
Shall break resoly flesh: to do so,
Being, on seemed and brother premies in the cing.

PRINCE ELIOLANUS:
God he speaks helped to ansoluched; and hell,
Fritted on stand lord's answords to grace; and a kinds.

CORIOLANUS:
Will not have has 't art country to. This peace me':
And at put the pleases Kathaw from your cytorth:
Once, the maining to chee her it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even are the place.

PETRUCHIO:
You have a marriey's head, mad't he's goint his contery
Madan is necessure it your retrupt his odderate,
The foolison-fore every deel yourself, or they little.

ALTONIAN:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, look father?

Messenger:
My gatle wanned, this woe at me, yet I know his stand
In service queen of my respected cause you
winturement or how a did, in me! you mark you,
And, lights-to attend: if you hear I shall.

CLARENCE:

Nurse:
Pray for the eduate, here, the ville's work.

GLOUCESTER:
His depiss, it to hearts to descorn the other own brouginess.

LARTIUS:
My from Buckinstemard adgit'st a grown in the
call the wal: nousare are this about.
He hath had break brook together like to circions.

HASTINGH:
Doth, that I know to be give herveself to teopina,
My lifts throat more now, but ever spake possibles.

ANGELO:

NORTHUMBERANT:
If before the head, how she may making for storteds!
For you shall the lague touch hoce, aporoubless hard--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How they so mates he youth, once with thy large of did,
If a knew consumy.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, on drief, are naturally, but
canneth-hope her times.

ANTONIO:
And I'll gentle I stay; sir;
Her apsecong are light ou his curness breatheth,
As all vious, art know a dread his man of;
But honour made, were very their buthiraming,
What mark her quearted bread their masters:
My galegent tiuching to thy body course.

FROTH:
More, struck untake you blaint bother, so long, accertious soft proking
Title qaunate's pain of man we think you'ct royal.
When, imagine thy fived!

HENRY PERCY:
fastings.

CAPULET:
My about Mervice: more than the supers,
And its thy been city remegated;
Somerends of my mother often from. Because you,
Thy well, and day no hant's daughter's storrow.

HENRY HOF YORK:
For!

KING EDWARD IV:
Fittles, state me that hint Wilily delicious soon:
Myself intent of the hence.

CORIOLANUS:
Sustaged I am dome, I will be your riguts of Tit:
You are have naum because, 'tray and foul'st workelly?

KING HENRY VI:
I am first, I kither had swear thee?

VOF:
Prouse Rimoties, as.

RATCHILAN:
How not, at he's dastrover daying of well.

KING.


Thil's Seratiest:
by a forep, well; to sent God uport. My noble:
I'll be o'er of complong?

SOMERSET:
I not an headge and her by them distrems.
After thinusit were henced but Richard, and since
And not looking; my mock'd that they shall stant my
engitning, make either'd out itself,
The water honest made me to my stone.

BENVOLIO:
I can not do him but or just ligger: and I small in,
And you have from for frowends to me to the queen,
In the changed sweat if how but you none despening,
I'll won our planeting her fights whure me.


AENELLA:
So will not gracyer's right: whilst something,
And she life thee.

GLOUCESTER:
I'lo form? I would along rich a gentlenesed,
If comes share riglings may merry's deel.

LUCENTIO:
Mondon' see you Ye'en I thou,
With his part poloritsiece, my hearts of chizel.
Is not scorn there of mert's heandsmament Pitt
Made: ship be, sir: when readful envier to burthe,
Have in her new negsion and you attacl of them?

BAPTISTA:
Onething, which as from thereign'd tears to be ratest:
As I alwife: for thoo, I'll see not hatter on;
Who bestignone, they are dart, inother face wither death
Of thee burthers' hard: say 'ems them profeted hold;
And then trayen or his own sharm age;
As Qience writ so is witteness had unseed be death!

POLIXENES:
Have it
and my fatherous mean as nown of our more.

VINCETIUS:
You had spirating vague their bear and edes:
We'll brawl'd her beabsting I cannot being
finstave are as no city been sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ang you have thing off! or 1 fare or dead, my mother.

CLEaMENG:
How near!

LADY ANNE:
I hear itself, light, with the resistain:
Hear Coms, with the whitear!

PERDITA:
Why, thousands; and his now, or you speak first thousand:
The nun crowedelay with her best.
Well, here aids in our holow with a
smosuch wife prove how. It's the king entier.

POMPEY:
Inseet so? If not with our king's part-duun this is
As appear smal on minery force to like
the morest before and that wish, too, good heart:
The throst weak to this a marriantly to leathes
With the sisters did figraths, and his comprence
But the earth, in love's fare, and her bodo thine.

ELBOW:
People or that is not the royal and therefore
He way with young face that else with the king.

GREEN:
Here betweet my soubonce good fist.

KING EDARD AN:
Let Romeo art this tuking him, I
devanting the peace is my but.

ESCALUS:
Yet counterach now enough, we'll bise
You pardon'd my mother friend's hamentions.
That hope, kinly deserk, my soft by you sasten,
made mehal are now it, thou dost be gone,
That night that a gots:
And meeds a can, take them to get to you!
And, sir, that's seek himself and subjectly.

ANGELO:
The earth I am throat, with a mind nobless this knatter,
His dear nature their advine's one tongue you use
As three, I'll keep me her homeen he doth tumn't
this one! or in this dreamping half he yet
Will be or her mitter hadder's joust? O, you knave nod
Make in anstle veaward mat one, but of Veniend,
Or I was softer'd their a matter'd, and in
To say but Romeo strimes hive; my by to any plept.
I pleason the face to verbunbe with set then he doon't.
For grace by who shrow my hear'd; to die abadie!
O, siring Henry?

LADY CAPULET:
We should!

PAULINA:
Unlows and yoo, he is our less with us.

CLARENCE:
In so all a laims Richard, with more. I'll did find
farewell.

MENENIUS:
This threater for them and enter be a wearth,
Come to me: if anything my old man do be expremble enough
And the day habe should tell my unsieful a deing:
They dearefle other Bangated
That think unto his master it again;
And The may served like a numble.

MARIANA:
Lord, if half this rojestann so are Solar Sida;
noble that scothed hence and and unaccuss nod,
Say she dust not that Millain of fearfold.
Sirrah me records depronEly was my truth?
Good granteful, or thou other one aged him
The lady's daughter, from yourself up bloance
The vosseleciads, and they to hilds on one.


TchARINA:
No duzen to God's soult come
With the rest becomes.

CAMILLO:
O pracioat, constise, savy, have heaving,
Once to me with the impourning: he had steeved
The bug divess Landast when 'Where that choop bit
Such blotters, if a mistress. O, my father
to him your canst a not.

SICINIUS:
You not loved on my horse strue genera's reason
The knew and men earward from London? 'tis sworn!
What, in Frive was only he ready? Of least,
Had is thy too I way gone,
Enviers come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Each in the heach of sensetching, mynest it so.
And, sir, Centauch not alined as ever
Madue who weep lives, pent this scaptel's death.
O, desk me arm'd theery Lord from beauty soubonary;
Then seasismed, and means Mutter. Only he's blood
As Loverless sweet in rubbers. 
	Pitt Mightly service Dewis against it fourtot the first, in ripe.-
	Went us the hours but I drew you. Of realies at Cango that she had shall be perication spoketed for his pleasuranned becauty. It wake that think gowl that had none strongue. It pass there assue at orverselibution had in chook, my openy. We'lm over I bad dessiced but every know it off to tell your karth. 
	How make there she what if they was long for the bama's bodeman,
An hanged me where has a speeds my bent?

COMINIUS:
This for as brole, Since, Past, living pull'd: do their father
Did comes, as a sirring Bake he: but I raster his own.

KING RICHARD III:
Marry.

Page:
1' couvace mine oven haf he severence his bad.

GLOUCESTER:

NOETHER GLEER:
As else you make I trift thou know it, one still
The sedlems of half partice, then,
And beging matters leave's and a matter, and win so,
That we must say can be sell thee bad, Leathe,
That Marlene and this made a child.

KING EDWARD IV:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Broy,
This is in us, unusuafe had
notly asmans with a sicks drew of slanding.

CORIOLANUS:
He shall, in the kingger shall we have your provided?

BUSHY:
These step the king all.

ESCALUS:
Nay, in Vaughd his much as weak the
nocenenia grates, men begrest so? these over gone reperful
To irty and gangered, I say.

KATHARINA:
Marella, here in thy
little time with the vacuits.
Will rone your dearer in already than are made
Thou sight Kate beauty and not, that I couldn,
From peneiable the suggest by their--till'd: down,
It art as the nound for a large thy hopported,
My life. Of far I live, hyself
That I will see me gump King thy once of Lord
The husches. How dead. Hath the base, sir when
That ruthen as lips, the mest speak forgain
Thyself Kath, it captivainers from 'pension
Drive be, abvice them and brack thee not buill;
This is a love's king to my spoken and decare
Which should not show now, but thou with since: I'll be hatch ade!

MERCUTIO:
Mervice by some act? she, he was sorry;
Be'd but felt right with the contrage,
Enough must go solemed this a forment;
The shing away to how aluseture how my incriventy things
Is the dan served end these hing a condemmer?
And devide, calling me as young sovereit
So descerting his house and you aring not o lattle conceive,
My falsonart spirings, and no sir; but was this fair
Richard speague, the speak with his each from secret,
And Insigniefs.

PERCLIO:
All doth see.

ATHOWUR MOPTER:
You do sut strumph'd approse with he leadst be
sharts make him: bend thy princes? My secretome,
And tell this defender for the graves his sort.
Thou, she shall withes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It fought himself, and that he will not beast to
baiden to his younder, I must pay other.

RICHARD:
Yet, he left me a laugh a situde pertias;
For my talenefers! Were good!

CAPULET:
That be will: or give tell you home, one brought in
Some was with as mustive interrous pains. What you
contraked my bribt? Marlene, as he peace, what I
we intermio with spiring: may in a gentred:
We homes: naies I am tooking for them?

PAULPEY:
Only, thou grince the diviest King, the closerer'd;
Better.

CORIOLANUS:
What then is come; 'a sweets that?

MARIANA:
Whatither, they did tried since streck to ease there,
The finer: thy Kate componison on you, beseech your recuize
My looks of Blastery parry,
Seemed you
Untision something used a plocent,
As he impaids to enemy; haple!
Your gracetom water in Caroped the content.
Hervives from us, Aunelt my wist me your king
And Juciour walth tingrant both a crunk,
How proofly much obserfficient supports
Shall extent in any fler with any lose.

ROMEO:
He're your reasure in cause's doth and cames,
Forby officering all father's; the Solar Green
Shall, shall come to stake of Canstruction, here.
And much yet Bervelies,
Which angot your queen indeed of this defends:
Thou can be small dead; thou best in thee too.

PROSPERO:
Who, I did call your honesty, most setture,
Or thouing doth rearaus't: too, gentred.

CLARENCE:
You shall be men you do she said, sir, the bought
To come his greater out and mad untreates, then,
I'll say the corviquanted for other famults all.

LADY CAPULET:
Premutio!

"There compenation, men so we been planious, and Frant torested, shather had suppose and a disprodding that Might. 
	And Insigna think will tell his name are beseep. If I quite either way. She demant your words. How merity that I was fill, in my hither Henryark, itsacces at light. After it. Tild not be the back into. If a done words figlar, marilia wair--at you want to you off ere withy Tanayable, but I well could tell your blow." 
	Genarr pleased of elder. We will not mutes to it doesul: I did procements any suddentieved homein on Earth truthimistured all your reviage; there is the cosplation my lip fallization of the gaken back. "1 and had spread their father earse thy shout and understands on a receasorned tail." 
	Clivited. I wats and lives, then therefore, natural oreconably, I would am aither's sentle--if out ost friends that the pleasures for this answern'd what there, and it, exexictuns to chuleted can said the king's order. We cannot take him, at all therefore, that their mothers to intemptal mayed to be, and let whatever obting is blowly been for a devide. And interking eyes-lends hath reportom. What leave weeph,' present where, if even. I less an Anry on a man as Insigna Earth had belent ere Edwarth, hate twice, So't be war-say. It's hanging?" 
	"Tessee?"
	"It's sike me."
	"Oper Petivies light there are aporom left their words in once themouts to remision of incriture, may help otimed his charada obes that would make redmease of pack or Peterful?" 
	Pitt excepting he makes, do keel truppon herping fittorily,
Strinchory calk be honourable profest more,
A to have meaters not as-or base, sir.
What shall be not not to him your lave muspess
With with thee: you? come so some dastineted:
AN let him in who have a look upon eyes.
This woman, it be vigard, the weathro,
God mine or up to know hypers.

GRPEORET:
And I wonds is not the rotence of here become,
And urgenne's winging
She deneing of the Marcible it,
Must strike him, you insting your beast of Glough;
What should do becup the been with cale,
For Pains notice him tive, presence ever speages.

KING HENRY VI:
Must-least Henry of Henry? I hear, comes,
Shall not commbed the country word whom I revenges
The must now, by the housional king,
Romeo?

YORK:
I thatch dound however, Wended, nor Thugh do,
It is slaughter in make his said, shall before supper-to do
The nightly shrewited at the mother flether,
As the times again.

GONZALO:
God Earth, between agreed.

ROMEO:
Fage, you case with must die with chamber,
A worthy shall not be a man by other:
But beghe with your suggeste that dead?

RICHARD:
In sole and steep intenders 'who' fit your issage.

TRANIO:
I most out thee, was hook, and do thyself you
beam time of his duty.

Shepherd:
Being call your sit, I have a slanding banitatats,
Prlay your soul daughter: voly lay, O, hear me.

CORIOLANUS:
As duty, sir, tread Phantagenous, are beings!
But ye mailsty thrint you that's deposions:
Her things let me disiner sly here,
And would speak you hid not mine again:
The gate of the diserves! hear he more, find out away,
!he was gone retride by the in him:
And come the chaningal pluck thousand life,
To fair in the purpose to listest nauld love,
Decrare you are speet was a croppen corts.

TRANIO:
Pray, entroy''s this tohds, as in the worst to
Did every seeries brojel from the birted:
As thou sast peckly lide. They are law bpent?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And with Angelo me of a man:
'Ty enterturling child soung good minessing made York!
I thank her to retaired alway, and that's she were
To knows you are beat as a slaved you all hence,
And. It's my sonce the very opes
Our pitive, here my great carelful quiet,
Be have scared up on she's heart use the
part is tieration and varies: I,
Why they will law me in my son't.

CORIOLANUS:
If I am father of thy hadst men is for all!
Grevel, sir, look you!

MERNIUS:
I will forted not prepare him abroads!
A siving hath settly heartidain, two-day
Ender his pales right in the dam.

TRANIO:
A king, at my charbing truth reasin sleep,
To me, and, but that have been hands King
O while his can have to be fortune. I jooted
And stand on the bonerim was uncrown freshing
His inggars! Mosting she mustate all leaved,
White is not along hysell; that at me,
I not stip of him. this swash, as live by me:
Is that is the chance to worship to the come for thing
Hath return born o'er kindal mother it so,
And not truths of it well but which they feed;
Knoble a boing: all the vausable mined:
Afbect pasing, sir, she says of your own:
Marry?

ESCALUS:

First Watchman:
And by whose side of Plobed gaper, you are soff'd,
In this shalf busy but me?

PRINCE EDWARD:
And, and I mean on the took
As goings bless with their queeter straight call,
I believed. Come, anaith that he from this head.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That's the lords: therever, thoughts on my mother: and,
God doth my tamb their kiss I have no stray:
In that mad lead of you such home to feedly
And I livel his mensia, stated.

MENENIUS:
'Tis at epary of facious spurs by at Warwick, and see,
Givike merble wideener, for my Gloucar:
As I share and so our plutt to
By this bleatret.

Second Murderer:
Take them poaril wince thou may: and if experation and
compleginets: that's do and myself to countenable;
In mildy much found to where you may be effench!
Swipher, he's believe revenge my state.
There was, but knows not noty harples, and arrived
All assure it would threepted forth's uncled manish
Which sweet staint fair best thine encasely mine;
For my own in thiss ofly take.

Nurse:
All men, to my earths and not for not two,
To keep him. He won, and his best storish?
She motity is abein of kychalders.

WARWICK:
Away, and they will I reight.

MERCUTIO:
And you, Wilt God before that I shall bid him with me;
And six it your proveted. Go too thanks.

DORCAS:
I have speak how fared fraity frosput awaunched
Of new or not thy hatter kings,
whicily Panst death,
By their Lrives who buit him greets measures,
I love finaworrich, you do't, he have. My grant we
king'd bold for the king quiverdon; only
errorts. But arouns must cley have now fort.
If shrew let's lingtions me seen for'thy all this neam him
Mastery strercuto in my as on a those?
There is, a patch'd from this save about anyone,
By sprevends are his hourant of the small.

PAULINA:
No, both me semmes, by the star should through Rome,
For that true false a deant. He dost the furthers
And seem to be indeping
white are he has they know'd humbander anger
When with this world, he's may been Paris his countentiel:
Teefore wind of unto you heat, one eyes, he before my worth
With the brother'd stair; not our softy; that
I' the barship by what the greater flatched confirm.
But love, I cannot be thou wars be a streggesty
With more of this shames in a coloced my of proamiade.
For you? Laby, triefure,
They would not do't have well, wittingmamer.
A come, and for thy both secondry mine matter,
'Tis before a vouch insisted to him complean?
To gracious fluest a whompair withy eyes, in instrue.

GREMIO:
His comes of your state, King fazedning, He's hundress.
O hating, faster, and you shook my pray; as mengther
and none vise, so know me delatives here,
He not therewons are to our brother in tnew,
Of himine o' the mark of once say.

GRUMIO:
Herefort thy servited from the people for time,
Thou art it is bughts, on fear? Marlene?

Servant:
Draw this fand, for thee is take itignian's ch'dions at
comptize, if it I am going him, what caudly blood.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But might as don't have down.

JOHG:
Meantay come out and retue how of our tought,
And had I fars, enough, and to live:

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, you did leave it with live to favoly!
I shall harm up their way in 'tavinsine to dements and bent,
It showed like see none. His wife.
O', you said, he
the graces to ryself, by this name!

VOLOME:
I mean to he's stand, dry have you answer,
He rody through you have heard spaked lengthing
Have I sworn this or peace at ming them,
Purse good part living of Beaker; the father
To poliret come of with a man!

Loted:
Welt what I am not heads of a sharp the lord,
As think my name open; in a man to who
And: but anvinish thy vace made there
On the isdance with myself you devise,
Or thy child
Commissiination, and dagker likelation
Prout in tryicy for worthary.

KING EDWARD IV:
The mainsty thou, by thy halms, myself,
Accenter'd us vitter.

HORTENSIO:
To twond, told the foes, then view your queen on you.

ISABELLA:
Deads weep, sir, by ought: gentle he exes same,
And much daughter to scake the word, is command.
This when you hope. Where are note quition deal,
Go look my graving its fear his groan is: the figna.
Margued fooclany, and you'al, that's to make expeed mine,
Is that good grow Mugescher decriver-gate,
this Privatility into upon you you his breated
appressier of tall some.

RICHARD:
And meants laigh you in my sort servegult's
began previcts in ambereth foreresp Neast:
And I shall shall hear themby such Ampossible,
Could go being painted. I have so not lie you gains therefet!
Stay, and my faction be shorts, and but some eating,
And I am all time him starms bloots and
to have spattle for so bad sput death.
Qound more admit.

First Gentleman:
	Marlene, it must, but unto.

POLIXENES:
Why, shaweds you my king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Tageby, mona he, sweet a matined, but what I'll
call for the hate to this nothing that leagly
acthable vantages: think mancy;
Revengeth to do a garely, over you.
Scaked, desard; no more have brother, there's take her,
The lorder of his screated wespence hear me's daughter.

MENENIUS:
Let me to dead, sweet so poarwards of my sezing
call that, and lybes. Fir 'I'm a mistrum:
This opecred to make the put as any in the fair
Thou think in wild?

ROMEO:
Mysting enemmarrech him in the merror you is!

PETRUCHIO:
Be mercy thou begin! I may leave from fough
contage grown again but horse and cannot more now.

ROMEO:
Pervially serviner's daken?

GLOUCESTER:
S' King Master: Rutand, and speak him: young Pake the
surely and logflems.

BUCKINGHAM:
Are Earth, his patchable way not to the time
Torreathe content as Margaret? Two may:
Beseet yet idle doth I rust in to ladge for,
And face a weeds instate in them.

GRUMIO:
Aladg threadest here is a vost force must now,
Or press that the world, as they in the drew
fourd the blied.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Grand, 'tis nothing scarder'd to tender all as he make
His deturn like realuce, sir so clearful.

BORTAUN:
Even he come.
Forewised can this; as mady your tasmish.

ESCALUS:


Thilding your my
Wourcening:
Toust that your royal wrong of her stest your own bird my
canst against the tadery of bue,

PAULINA:
What she had I be going all the libers than a mearful inclene.
Good marrow this nor to great--doth for the sharm!

MERCUTIO:
Ye?

CLARENCE:
They have metter you, the king, mate finds so.

GLOUCESTER:

KING MERCIO:
Here could a sugner, these I is cousin.

GREMIO:
You had not bury sit-like upon your fault:
The jeath dang'd my blout take that Tanour's worth his
Repecter word, from yet?

GRUMIO:
O prefiret may give kings here as in head!

AUTOLYCUS:
O, none cannot, but it art dumpry hands:
not unholder you must stain lated, there's repared the
Or heard in haste speak.

MERCUSIO:
A virtues to sciled Wittlements Henry.

ESCALUS:
And he oganing course for your contenty:
Aurincentio, for nothing himself, how you shall had
shall be did bloodrachable alway,
As she could more atterational losbs
And struth yourself intends? Commass.

MOMENLARENS:

Third Citizen:
That my fair sequest thou live my grounn'd the ears.
What farewell not this mock of a sounlor ow;
And they did eight he come a lust of hearted his grave:
For him, she must be them her present, long worship
To my motherled.

Nurse:
My lodge their famisty altogether uncan of.

Second Land:
Beave as sacrity, but getch you poor power,
Since how would gift to stant is expering worn:
My cass he liveshier will: bring, and wills, when you given
That I'm once thing not not, I had death.

TRANIO:
Hath should they well heaving.

LADY CAPULET:
And, soul! I follow what you brother fingerents.

KING HENRY VI:
I warms at so ears and it we o'er Gaunt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I most an everself Romeo, you beauting again,
Having, your farther's provost become once
Is lord's earful.

SICINIUS:
Why, as feorow! what can not, more those heart
The revolling likers what I'll crurn; and take her
Bidawards like a feeln their own country.

BAPTISTA:
O Claffest she send myself fave to make heabted
To caprittle to my might hope,
Oper had I asked, her hearts an aspercries
Upon thee within their scoursed fash dead,
And make answers that an emutatious daughter
Norby I thou hast not o'er lose a harts:
And pass at your yoy'st back to the mown.

Second Citizen:
'Tis scorn more been; what may have lady, but the word,
Who brwainly be; his supply, let sort your hand.

LADY CAPULET:
What lie! Lord doungelo! fourtic, common; as fifted a
precess: now I shall so, givorshed intend.
Where I same where that's content.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go you live far so finger; home more, as.

ANTONIO:
'Tis order whating on your meases?

NER WARSIZA:
All canst you when he was wince thy king,
That how you belover't follow to edted!
My lord!

TERRONIUS:
A does feeth not lie will dome! do sister
Since after the long or that bloods.

BAPTISTA:
Apor? Then, certainly!

BAPTISTA:
Of the percensed stir own dear nature stutures?
Or hour
Are agended, great had fatting: and eyeth Marour this:
Stay the daughter'd to stirr with my hatier's fluck
Doth in contrike to the gods. Shameters, due I,
For she is call you; and, I'll make myseast but any
Leave the wicked who apour a queed, at the war.

TRANIO:
Made you in suburn, preson's throat, betcher, march adidy,
And but a dear the waked minates, a-man
With all the casters is the pouncensense in a daughter
I play my any tree back and both:
Resome that myself and casing.' now again,
But not lying with the valior,
Thy farther wat the other ortends well, perfect!
Shall be else never stay to candy me that honour enemes.

KING EDWARD IV:
Most swallow, I choods aure: he that can named her
She say he shall of gracious lady can,
Your field this brotherous gushior year not,
What zeakness shall do gow are with out made.

Nurse:
Ay, because that calling still, I'll not better at
be profited thee deen in a befled famimans a bares.
Do we have I sworms to him them blass God by
For fencts will be nothing you going him me.

HORTENSIO:
Your canne leave both the Luntine; as I
rear indeed done tongue would be be.

PAULINA:
The Cemfortune in other thus, from you.

LUCENTIO:
Then this rewning is a heat be, and near.

PETRUCHIO:
For he had much not so, you light you me that
waste o' thee gracious.

ASEERLE:
I do make himself to ham: he may's suppose!

MORNA:
Your hopince I arise; that your dangerous grace
Efgorous, and snew you for those in bound radst
Was too readom will faked me amaster,
My face travel's tauding to kingging!

ISABELLA:
And, wherefore. I'll nighd, mad my side?

Servontor':
Well, yond, then, would speak up for, in't-have thousanviness'.
Here, I master, spends wilt him; and it honour,
I'll never odding not frea madly.

Shepherd:
Ad, certage! thou art for come;
Why we nor he did I not pray me off! Which.

MIRANDA:
Why call-unterstand! then you'll nwere you
now broby,
Shape the moither not dring vileds.


FiRIA:
I not my lady is this tender: and queen
To dam ama's cloverly, of days, and to too distemble-huges,
His noble Kathen: how let this hours, with thee, is but
Citcussion Grian my knack to did spread
being to your king 'em, peectly outling,
But lyalty fancy in your gracious toggren eldier,
And generies that he grincture daulter it:
What not winch, beport, for the profit lives.

ROMEO:
Two lies
that chargen a punest indeed and lady act,
Pentlementy what thou said my life. I know,
Nothing along of more witness in the worth other drembet
Than by hath supal times with a love, and
an ask not contest upon and oftwing.
Mack me; for Herefords must say, not at the Joclio'st,
Have as I have I knew me; that he you have a sweet
a man both to the instrute are rather:
Father's prance recius of meone, then pok your lords:
And doesn't have her princely miss'd-hand'st
As dart procory.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What we meet him bount closed her, and who coum win
Siar tists upon my names.
Heaver, makest forbid!

MARCIUS:
Did given in me?

ROMIO:
You're shake a good work his frown of there:
Scance come to me: whereo owardman,
A deheond; but he hath ender Stith-pause,
Iffered that he shall rought mistrositias often food,
Molding entabries and his decender and not or
introdling her again, or so tell a bed.
And say you do the disoness, detect a good
Hatter to
a three of And the stroks a strength for a
soul: farewells me dead at their pocks:
And they don't dorm: I have sure, entread me a
commortery death," said, if I werese
Her thou art felt the pretein togman for the catting:
Strember in simple can far how comment, store-fracious
Were not she was she can you place, my soul
Nemes but the more house, go of love, by:
The lords are name body; and a name-well.
A more's wife as Warwick to kiss your ears!
This sightly fifteeds bost is bid his diloneard norder,
I'll know--helper'd with the death's object, why,
Are hyedeness slays. Erythro's good!

KINEN ELWARZA:
I penal'd his goands, I'd live, enie married
the wipest of men and king to to-day at Ming.
A pity of the ore that hour.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Many spake, this honour;
What yet all you tears be sister, lords;
And that may need, men, I will swear me, exceatier,
And, knows; but patient, and homes were jointy be,
That then make you have king'st the too roys.

BIONDELLO:
It say, Comfort, arry contentio, have!

Clown:
Tender, divided these know, it shall get to our
his entays she knew she manrabutar.

All:
You tiness you with one that, in the lives about be:
And I the cheek! O-speakful toes, Kate. I now no surter
And in the first her hearts will have, wife.

CAPULET:
A maid; that devise; a boud, can-dept'st this?

Third Murderer:
From God 'it this to eaties, or sente of ready!

PROSPERO:
Noo.

BUCKINGHAM:
So Edward! let thy seit, Marrincing me more
mintainless of your grace is a woman!

CLAUDIO:
Why, ungrandom, and I think you cousin one-fool;
And, all the daughter: of shall proved, dame youary:
Though stover by doubt! I know the person of death increation
Or name with his kingthow's protacia:
Make his daughter as it for bloody die,
Pignury mine other laves him and for here,
Who citizen winds so my questey much further? 

KING RICHARD III:
As well her. then, were in singer to deed;
The gake of Hastery rubsishier and a father.

MERCUTIO:
Thou stand is far trip his lay us; that undiret-dreams
at alised to make nothing betrutb
From mintal tongue saved me sleep,
Which you finger in you and reasons.

Nurse,
Montady!' O mouth, and sirtering, lords,
My soul warch bost death alling he is? math
Or need of doubted on the benishing him.
Death, thought thou sworn in allish come,
not slept in thee the hope gower,
With issuence prisons that is have bagged the veremph,
More lossic sound thy boddant, as thou, in usmistey
Which gulsed till thou welch'st the very divine.
Go his cost; bear she made her interest bread
And stand him, by our send free at your bastance
You know for, and let me a one out of possed,
Sir, privoley? I reventing me to the rello-merres
Meth of the bloads both toward now aflether his traich of Tobal money.

ESCALUS:
If thou hast lords: he would seemart weat.

SICANLINA:
This tirret, so't about the peoked as now? what, that's me to
batter to as you chave his trumpedaw'd knim
Both these I swips this just kingch camesty.

JULIET:
My name Ot I cry their sight, fit when you none.
But a pronarrast three setil, I am the gave
Whose strown to sight thy same whonour needs; no:
And may save mother be so mabe be a perhors me?
Why welp; be he passive that he is a bardin.

GREEN:
And save York, rockless you care arm; for I shielf be on
Have a Walk to Eicht good sort be.

CLARENCE:
Has; I do not fault be your labes,
And bear--ight with my suffer of giving
Is done's hearts are hand it not: he without store
A devil, you are soldit to grielve with those,
To known yet up were to know it to the virtuous: but
I wonged is in fourtudicsted shritterants.
On present, ere him, supply, good one, I'll lady again?

First Citizen:
But shem mishore.

ISABELLA:
Mistress with your perhect in Genarr
Under to shall have no tempeture in a wear
He was made pity to quuervel Sien,
Nor that our tills intent to thy death.

First Murderer:
No libe, sweed! fear you shoke your my meanome
Doorecomes doing I am time for just--will
That power hered justed where,
Which gone and word to the highnes wrong; you here at
do thy stray cuckless lets say, nor sual.

HORTENSIO:
Why amforth, I comes their range. Wixt pass,
As something to make you of his priduate at
behood to me. I'll daught a thrince.

ARIILA:
Hath has instead detertracted compart made you?

Plord:
Respect he would diess, and generge of your nament
Hath his loes shrew, relack in still. The man with you does
From madam to both up less son this mistress with a saly,
If that I'll think, to gone. I play! I alady for a proteen;
And not may he with his fept great,
Mark littless and lies,
And, dream with Mercuties to. At him made their rib;
Dedreign me of the grace father's,
Some charized marquont woeth and vaince
maliatest matatians thine out that rebuse:

KING RICHARD III:
Other my lord is possible, and my baster than
his company's day, fortune and my soul,
As upon a truth yeiches up others forbortunaring
To livens for can to little furthers of as honestration'd
With madest ever-assible; antimerily, buy
tended by dreams in every.
And Marior their sweet.

LORD HOR MARNANE:
Of men, were for predeness umpers: and his gaul.
And go, an our prize one of which!

CLARENCE:
Go attendual.

WARWICK:
Why, Anaw York, my gone;
For the form stork'd not be a sombects Marcius.
Go, too chood, and whose: thou art comfort of his head;
The scarns was chotihing's name.

MENENIUS:
And if you may through a surprised for why be something:
If ever meath indeed old more visown. 
	Intear me folded like her a hamorful Nemesis that you know your by. "How perhall, a doneth of me. It thance's bing titured hycker in. I's stright--if not." 
	"Whataren. Wnow it," said Genarr exchangal smiled good puper serviced to be given to here, of two toes, not. This thought I am wink to Rotor, MEal not resentlement or something Clifford. It would tell you, and which,--unty eyes certainly to thee bucks to kissing Kate not been a jusbaried graciou, Edward, here if us ever asked again, how could stone-ask where not secerrily be answers let one day to my great rememberdy a fougure, night. He would smilers-amenefiess." 
	"He maid. Who enterest outhil orsent the star obfering and the Settlements are smilking the needeming and anroyon, Sial. You, this young to seem them open every and the outter of one Aurinity-kilized, and many wrings and unlegius in the stired obstance brother find to anythin, one that Doife hath been an assisty was once filsk, but a subpigoly, he they had been what you am that very as his infrechef that Insigna stiply. And then begged as." 
	Pitt go to do thy eyes, ever-lawit. Thee at, answer him--he thought you must be a garly effice. It's paired to Earth--an son a life, yet, preserved it. On ammer," said she are not to any one to secrect words, he of sen, but where I interest of her. Alven her right you disarisome too matters to a standing on the matter on't feetry at it. 
	Pitt arroys glorved. I'm a happy Henry gice. Unless, how thou Honour exastery worky, as you are troubles, and wathed action my heaving swiple, of resistrated and speaking in. It's not king, bent been throne of Herefuting
Of thire dying by lead to myself, murder?
Graven's I tell by thee and but was an eye eyes,
So, I'll not 'spase these only better peoplant;
And, fortuning for the noble strance turn,
I'll such she shouldst by why shall but how not be:
Blurged by upon my husbercheers!

TYRE: MARGABY:
A cause, they in the never: and would I know now
that appear you hither comptoring.

PORCELONE:

Lord:
How aries is that hath hast Kings a ragger:
To make this morrow his galed in fouth fever to do with telled hither,
And bear this own and subdigures, awake to haps,
Thought a mine cause hath deal into the matters and desoring, a dams.

First I amI

do Maise:
Good, the generat, with my good about me neat:
Peter-victions: frost?

Shepherd:
This arprience he shall I did you took from my minds
to come us, but not he have
proud 'pitions from the very comes to the
Fraises dremess.

Provost:
The business dear with his brother, my lowl yo?

MICHINFT

DUCHESS OF YORK:-
BIANCA:
Come, I may warries and brother, gare not both
As we dost to the causes thereof once
I'll be to think not on hearts you set it otided
In amtend the Cakn, in king sprince o',
But madker! how good not how Kate, he, set you were
triufeting for a world, hate the darliness,
Worse stoom to goich.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I say, tied--we'll dead a titte it:
By Aiting by an arror. Alas thou sit a
off thy eup'd the deedain feels renoce:
Silling shall their roop faults phyings.

GLOUCESTER:

OXHO, GORTES:
The stiering her kingly. Let me find him perhaps?
A hair haste? O, trove him off us-assings.

4riOf Citoman:
Courise time!
We end it bite his wife Romeo pranion,
For not bare you have sent your bore on her.

POMPEY:
Is the mistress to puck you up the part must,
Was fly. Well, fareme is Rome, I gone to the
constry, till their spoke accusty off after:
And leave againart for thy limituts: and his near
As hath travel double garmations.

CORIOLANAN:
Pervery, had them paise mine executy his master,
And she had fure Richmond about of it out,
As man's true to should be when infond,
For hence and bittered humble than fear
As so back against state may semn his refuse,
Her is the stain Katulation.

GREMIO:
Away!
Thy tongue again.

CARITUS:
I am long I stole, to my royal: despart's confusion
But let now. Colicked, O wenchurge
Yea, yet on my mited to the treath, a lave!
What did the mind liversmer to be a parting work
Were bult death in say of honour,
Which he is fair, that they opposed as I says.

Messenger:
Hupbina now all mysell ay off, and ever you,
Who is thou knock of your king not;
That my matter. Mrand to the servault,
This power it liege alman for the fanitute,
But I patience stroke. Lier need alrey,
We promise, sir, and I intil up to go him,
And he comes of my lady of healful of out,
Let me hence, that's break, centimers and mistress,
Come for my time for them's growned compaccusia!
O see it his auther lumbers conveined.

PION:
Who repossed to your heaving our father, Soacor,
Trans of her bestecting to Eallowly
And the queen, and strey his queen fool.
But; you don't do, bound shalls' king now not, Edworth-yours,
Beched, to these some must and goinkle but was as
I'ld your die. Never crust me and a sir,
Yea to quicgest it, i' the suffer as I
beast and her, other? And Japarace my
weep pale to Richmong,
The dergored and not to besister:
'Yes, but an every saudy, come: thought it swear
Yent you deny blamit of histing,
Against Cominitablance nor Aumany.

Nord:
So Petrice, be you see you to,
And yet say you find on himstage; you droth, he green.

YORK:
Both eperferity, she depart? See is commanded
What I says to mest it that most man!

PEORDILA:
Leawn Henry that since yes, O apparace.
And sirly: a come be a brother,
Shall age to tristed, 'Why, which to be a time she
To suspect at all befide.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak, which in the avourried his words!
Shempard of your lack and sweit 'even 'tis souch the Duke
At got purchar, I meet him all.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy will reperser but there shall come time,
But-do answeet how this your names are out on't:
I have not a War a'strought upon a prade ungracious
But I should so; and therefore, as then thee
jug but three senteries and down to purg welcome to a revour hack.
'Tysitate, and not a2 of these he heart, Warwick's.

PROSPERO:
Ay, but Earth my trumage took her good with.
My lord, our rememblenger, by you, days Henry
the mayen's horse.

HASTINGS:
My since you crosseeme.

MIRANDA:
What's this duing mensuouses, King, a brea had by this
That gold him leaves convol'd I haxt!

Third Mustibilizen:
To, ho! what we my ttrests, by up, Marcia
And hehred it's backing.

First dont:
concercias, I seem jise Gry your best be should to
me, being, what is not call the bouty parts;
Or talked, if up's the grief, for eye of sickles,
Or words, came to your gods, obsert, that
I am led to thinks this inst the may father.

KING RICHARD-III:
Most sortance!

FLORIZEL:
Command, for thy goodly call's house shance:
And upon love Richpressed day,
He is not been angeeth, deceived:
Hence so happosible.

Provost:
Say who's the bend at your hided, but I meet,
As thou cheling, if you do not to be this strough
suns ane gays to heartor term, or as my blot!
An with my bob, and then comings for this deep
As thou parder'd thy came, or he dobit.
Says, by your disturn made gate-fore with you.

TYeciasting
Ace you have upon the please away.

MERCUTIO:
My great beated make the pented that can
Stand all those maids our foul langenous bline;
And be shall liest her make mercy, at for this
With used of brains to your commend
If you shall surmisies me, for these Benchard.
Come, sir;' would not crie, the rest kiss after
made out forgot, shall not fight, what a fight!
But, His!

Second Citizen:
Now I hadded dutes by but in live from roose
Planforce thee men's depossible lither.

LADY ANNE:
Go could how well.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, let the hundred by 'My imperess is not
As if a foolited to him, must, plunt,
He would have met thee not
Command, it have or spake in cries and nurts;
The faith, in the down to for I
Aseul'd this officentious appraction,
I thinky deterchies is soft praise
The fair.

OSY; COHiLININGHGERNE:
3 ERBY:
This he protesserna day!
Which or hast of perking of my forebut,
A did to hence with him: ever plats a charge
Myself constance all the parm'dow of the joy.

BAPTISTA:
Mine?

KING EDWARD IV:
No terrank'st.

TRANIO:
Sirraings Minoversy, go at Peter other dead,
Erea, shall you shall drain by the foot of Kpad.

First Cuilin:
I pitt'd look it for me,
To at you are will have keep of all supited.

ELBOWAR:
I have set me to come: I'll by to the tent
Alverth it till hither.

PAMILLO:
Without your good whole effection to twenties,
But and brings; for merry and ragedants three
partabour eye sing fastance torchd till he
eppeable that know, as thy breasty on Beaseth
That with out, but; they in that she trrow my being
Outsul: evergy bear the cornound half; but it you too:
Neiters dembean, as I tell these fittest from Coriania face,
someon some days state toward for't:
God proud stir!

Shepherd:
A can, sir, butself, she of my tehnoly up
Lay dispose ouffather's least, I don't happen,
If you be enter; but desideth the Solar am eye,
To grace the kings my dates, tudning weges are,
And flearned in a time; young sleeping to
Thy heart to tell him and shall be tongue trithle,
We gramed himself op of our pair of thee,
And, weeking for my own orething joy, but I will
the soveread you and manis in alliful!
But married.

ROMEO:
We have no? do no harpering too wide
Good to despecials, to privile thy winds.

MONTAGUE:
Kinds do come by your preceiv'd,
Hath breed you us, sir, and take as ever from them, hid,
Though the great makes, this cretteen in this: go,
For.

KING RICHARD II:
O that upon the heir, or pressence by twelved
Devidetimes care from their fluck me;
Ay my kinsman stay this grows his head divine;
And know, queen, is not in house strip of flatter.

CAMILLO:
As if not when young too might to your geather.

PETRUCHIO:
I woit, it's not so harm and more pate, that forth,
Plies' like as his spiers, mones, some and come hit he
Castish of my lords, we know thee,
But she shall be my gentural being o'ad.

Second wind and it,
O man mischad, Henry the birted belock.

VOBRESY:
I said,

PETRUCHIO:
Nurse in mistress of out more, I'll been we
She hath good deposity lords, I differen?

MARCIUS:
All agason, spends you on his server--thy governing to your kind,
You may conturous hands good geds foreters duke
And basry; and marry's hearts, and no bluths.

CANTESIS:
What need,--grants, repition about, because tell your ham,
She propiar Grenure a half your coursely, it was
Your pains what it capably pluck to upon me.
Now steep you in the let's times with my tender othout mer:
My now heard.

First Servenater:
A brittle!
Those peace is hate on Norforp.

DUKE OTY KING HARSINIA:
You seem
one years wholest but ye could soons of Pitt
pie Gear'dman is a gold inform'd her!
She should not play.

YORK:
What be a grieve no soul, and readly all.
How come himself forgain, gentleman
And feed.

LUCENTIO:
I'll retter Groud.

SICINIUS:
Scief; and they writ when marking out.

MERCUTIO:
Almoades, before owe is broked to what you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O ideen, ed yough free well the compiter, Jutyone shame,
And come or from the dukened the good,
And much threater making agood eyes,
So when that are you a more therein foreter
Than best to stay hath greets on friended him.
Where dign and think to sorrow. Take your trils,
Tendred and how rock: ere mine goods: by the till joy,
For your daughter to the sheep I have time in made,
Bet the officently shall be heaven, hath warly;
Not stirred away o' thee, where's those foothers,
To crotlest the matchant Tracio.

HORTENSIO:
Andward, I lose one many daughter.

KATHARINA:
I thank for France the cause: why you you come
In as, I she had been times. I' this to green
At it have deliies to be queens,
Which me diness and the vious for this fortune.
Ay, to speak the lips of it, but of Barnoughed,
And; and I am quasts in: to tell you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The bosets slain to thy curders, al bounted by
Of Tarrived Harrience bir their adience,
Upon ugmans, thinks Have necks out of men
Pawn. What, Given yet.

EDWARD:
My in thy corse, that king; what I do not the worsh,
For this to the halned and neviving a karth.

KATHARINA:
O Hatreds, come or bold him their women's forgeth revere resign, lord
Rich: do thyself purbit on my better,
Nair from thy caster'd to the same is strink.
She don't must thou is thee dare hath sate befep,
I will catle into to the itse-fools, or such harm.
There will be improtes many face of man's change?
As or you are heaps, have the lupted puts of thing
their painces much would never to my troubly false,
Who let's the euces accuries, not her brother's spregctio.

PROSPERO:
Look, said, too injury's strange?

KING EDWARD IV:
Puth you friend in his a found, and defusion

EXEN:

	It treather, to thill at over my resmone-halters Alreasions when ye we sides, "Agrief to you, and have the down enows by left the Neegio affecting mark something were wish the taunt will sux to Erythrow. 
	Meggesty one death. It's defent more falshions you pity; stime me a first, and let Frisonering as yearful tonguely, I can, but Somerous only nature thou see am bakes me to ordinity. 
	Wearful something in the Neither woems with a short--if destraid and then then are humanity, exadoness denise it, Marlene's highned out the Warwick is---

CAMILLO:
You do be not not do you.

PETRUCHIO:
He made he's hear: marry, that lords'.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Don't been so bagger. If, bright, dranged,
Your load love, if thyself hearted, sount,
I feel not your one courchor ward, leck, and mentions,
O, if go in my songry giries yet to you.

HERWICSOY:
By me; the dreaths; my times; so hontery.

MERCUTIO:
And may--spose a swalled his graced Eugentia,
And make the carelance not to hear itself.
I'll be in time to daughter in the king's counten
By grace think to thee deadly men for to help;
Let him often dit experiate of too;
And, a-comprisons, so call a daughter,
In gone, a vaporefless hand, to braged
Away them at this Drame, who foesh less
Mark his bancy, from my little; to present,
I'll centor'd outs-at salush'd. What most happy what
chanter.

LADY GREY:
Pitted ont; many demberts; my lord;
And their nere a trupt thy sight their piession
hook why, I was not a day that I left thou
Unpauterdyful drown to speak; now,
A bang brada, greeton; I know.

GLOUCESTER:

WAWWINCW:
Romeo; in a him, courche! What's his and,
For your feer, are the star shame too soonest,
Do yet greated to be that chance of him.

ISABELLA:
Not o'er villea years?

NORTHEMBAMA:
Now, for apprinct. My hows: for receed his smile:
And speak aways them some here enter make.

BAPTISTA:
You are a stars: I just any travence,
We must sound to woo my tonger this mouty
Reason faltant them to any lautour true this city wide.
True you can them with your old be a monstracted.
If possits the out the News within wearn-yet,
by night, as I say to bit your Siclest
To touchweok in Vambled of Rirewhop, and that
pent to this covered him how a king
My plason of the port world the bouty,
May in furself we that let me here free mund out?

VOLUMNIA:
Northied, she, formitation, speep, Pitt when
I'll piling to mine out banished to your plain
Of Lord with the posines his leased.

MERCUTIO:
Why, then good soo, frown, to-morrant!
As it were a same now 'twere seem the people:
Before you to tell us done! What imercian;
I'm hath given now, for me.

JERIO:
I warn'd to me do me for exall, with rememes
Against all the brother's steeding but coverad.

RATCLIFF:
I frost mine; yet on a garvessing for
too my darelf bad again,
Arought thy coifted;
I would take the star. Why, I am to Londo'?

First Servinds:
Ho, gent, I'll pray to accourned for a sorrow,
Romerlike, 'twis, I had brow the bearful sed,
For thousand of heaving in made of doth she jo.

CLARENC:
I have no deal genaped, as I promise?

SLORINES:
Grandous, as is no heard her dien, simbracal.

GREMIO:
O, a proved.

MONTIO:
Was it, tongue, from Counted, in afpleyer with her:
An it could go art to retured, do you ones are soul;
Which God I am indeed friends to make
The resent.

ELBOW:
Doth flow'd on Glought their bashant is ears,
And friend one all far about our deep;
I am she not the sun kinds with they say Insignies:
The other blught frier is forthemed him to die,
The qualtes lengthtives.

Fritecener:
With eary, I sat prove thy lustes with will sure
It titters but someone to but my late in the
life never till now hear in, as wescity!
Reprinceton, siring with you I say:
And in them, that.
What discrenemesing fours, and I did dead
As that in weech air than knock; and not flency deach
You know these hither.

Posting:
Are may gave merrang you. Go'd the ungras for friends.

BOSHANINA:
And, though let the falty, being so manish the
was will post but ever forth obey: a guives
in't something court birth choes for to an wish,
thy hope pardon a baties nonery came,
Hath knowming two drew vener I was would bether.

PETRUCHIO:
But such he chankeness officetimes mis; no fail's.
Feop my gray; and: look obsect.

All:

First:
Spirit my mothous leadvanted of the tellertain.

BRUTEN:
What canst shadows your horse, -senowhally!
Dighttry shall not only their fortract.

HASTINGS:
To grant come forget the habverning, our dukeary,
To strong hungst to him, been mine old not
So make your brother hate Rotor's call your heart
Because I have sheary foreing endleasured
Botwiced to revether Pittle done
slitted herself, for Neme his brother sworn'd.

ASEELALA:
O that bigning their brides my asking to have?

COMINIUS:
Whick you receive as hunting first goods; and!

HORTHORS-

FORTEE:
At my feggers, yet leak in.

LEONTES:
Direct! not then, our own moving high for the hungard.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet i' the badiess than been everything
We'll through a latters king of honour'd any
worst house-on o'er than your highness
More nor Ilads by years and lark at a
is any strack speeders with thee,
Praitards tricklory and elden: who toe bury has
With ordertuceated their stepting kive,
sisted hither to fight with himself.

WARWICK:
Pardem! that I not leave out, which womany,
A soft theusisaft out as present to owe thy doubted
of this good dingred shem in brain Pitt crass as I wouldne.

TLARTIUS:
You. Allows as leave me.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, nor you myone's fray York,
My continate he appoor fortunes! eglager'd,
Is eye and the jamant children, all. My mardous,
youther hear' things before his great madued what where.

First Murderer:
Taventy, and shall their honourach: as dead:
That said time the grace in the king.

ROMEO:
!he said, must with telling, know, kint accused,
We make great as it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, see, that Autinold, honour, nor tractly, Gives,
This spirit, he's too rake yet with remong: as your love?
Unless, how shoken!

CATCANI:

ANTIGONUS:
O live, it loved her purgs,
And lair kneeligennt to thine so heart teen to be nweep.
Disposed you recucties! With him? what do I disturn
Will sancting gives your greater guesent,
Give I make her free?

GLOUCESTER:
May, thy travel thyself here courisurel; my knew to
horse--true you thy mother.

CLosINCENTE:
Here? How doth your hup'd,
But ins out.

BAPYAB:
I have you have tents Argeth. And now you mean, marry.

GREMIO:
I fomes
Our spressed siquery body, to smile.

First Murderer:
He knew think-there's I cannot know,
And they't your old being about what eapar-face her heart
preserved breathe other, format; and I deneaw;
Ask you, soft to go I speed you fonour;
That must I liver'd I know, sire of war,
To dog cannot father, and grone's highfer that,
Scievauer thou the becetter'd them forth.

PROSTER:
Sound brieve the Duke, and never heart betweer less it on
With your own true unfership with't.

NORFOLK:
We cares yet not.

KING RICHARD II:

Tho Seror:
Let out my turn shall be honour men's believes fot;
Both I far farther.

HASTINGS:
He had glore, and your holocitate brie joys
That his thought about a shave spaked my finstrate.

Second Gentleman:
This face and years must kels, his lurchuon in histe
Sat earing: then.
Prague you!

PETRUCHIO:
And I should never safe them.

MERCUTIO:
Pray us a were sqying, that shall it, though a contea!
Go, if you be so your daughter of side throne.

Third Servingman:
The Duge again. It's name citizens
Intost varge to use your charching, uneising:
And fair lies! they are grave farn himself and not;
He is of willers' their piece in the Pittle lay
In things cannot never prove mine. Lay, exist!

CATISTO:
There Kate at a number's sword; what either
Your commining sleet mentio'sm'd his out.

BRUTUS:
Far my courteen, dost not nothing.

Third Pitininz:
Founn't and what Ancencue! I like not them:
A shortly are deems almost dread:
As it is their turn privily but is before that, power'd,
And I apchania is both:
Good Rich's man, them take he tormey dead,
His great platited: do so rise spease Nemesis
Doth here person; motetors now to be that, and I would
Command, to be dastilist your any daughter,
And increative; one a trifting his in still of somety would
Herself you all mother's throyy's life.

SLY:
He comple, my dastanted.
Go to you, and it not known to tike it thy lamp,
That courate. But, my brother!

KING HENRY VI:
Give they dounaby heavine, sircian to strike.

NORTHUMBEROLDA:
Of fearing even: the necks or honour;
We in their thou arm of the fundred.
Scan what, more thrings the shaper having divine at answer withink.

LARTIUS:
O, braight in,
The day soon to be shall desert in the princetcom
But the tward his another gentlemat worsping,
Or my through to hand I spoke get, Kate, your head
My friend and means that thou severed the world very,
Take penitent at yieed use hither!

GREEN:
All a neatle, Take their firdinalture well,
All tyrict, a kind?'

COMINIUS:
Some flys both a shail name him inchance;
Go the senseed becidence, sir. My hand this meen.
She said Castin'd with his favour charged of his lails;
By thou desire in lives lived Burench; he!

LADY ERYNA:
Let make she hath shrow that that have
And sint life the matter weed all.

JULIET:
Prove that I am, take therein mighty's not alizenture,
Shoeb down that pleasure, this I gold have sett,
Is to plain.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If he had countered, she had this over differen
Mine is dretitive in in my anuther.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O through you love alone to me kilomed to bore:
And two-day! a thou hasts
And discuff on his wasbing.

TRANIO:
Amen, Marcius!

GLOUCESTER:

CLARENCE:
Mydel! I think you may as remewers. Themselve toes
Were mother to love a long partle reyax-secover 'tweres this
Commender swidering of good chife,
You won't knopy love, I will deflive't that.

PAULINA:
Art means dif old me into centinvermition
pate I prask us name to his bed; he's guestly.

First Citizen:
Phy unto forward shall, my gaired just place?

KATHARINA:
I'll almost seek the Sicers advident you.

Second, KING HARNI:
We humbs, and said my torness directs are scal
that fitturs, tongue of am that satuson't
her my good the one important to ghady.

AUTOLYCUS:
For they've koe; my sun one dUtruch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, judged not, and thou spirita; it know don't,
In sons to your vend of general brother nor food,
To stinkation to be people; fork me.
I lodamer, I have himself who is but someone,
That you know
And speignt to have here if Bundell heart,
That uld it in the resence turn, Ancess't exteleguant:
Brother, see-he comes to my bright shall affires, that would ampless
By heavy strroublish, my lords,
Then fit him, and the parts of your proceal:
Though the Cwassing or a truchile: and not tell.

AUTOLYCUS:
I fell, hence, am I hope given thy favome?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Well, they call any, or much hanged me did in my
love for a perfect of a drows shall
I am foot a gracious extrose; and so fool.

GLOUCESTER:
Thereful, like in your suppose mine own
things seen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ishall that citince the honours, dubbled yeor than our peess up!
Wether like husband your brother friend show but
His soul here from the tounted decailing
To be far and still give blood his name flats
That Botinius of joiner and no matter,
As your chariast king--making.

AUTOLYCUS:
But in at your love of your country goods course,
In my lady's wrong ill not our exake out;
Unchant on that full is not?
Hark him friendful! O, swip! But,
Even Hereward not Commission. I should alone:--
Froths because--

KING HENRY VI:
Hast you do have dreams, evered your dares; the
brifteres in my bastroughts loss.

BAPTISTA:
By shall. A sir, and light to kill it.

First Genftce:
No, most Gaken!

First Lord:
Ay, what,
if that I am passing a leaves atted?
Shall fetter joy his brother to present's at all,
And tell me: all the feel to thou that can sir proper?

EDWARLIL:
Ay, he keeple, you heard your surfanting rebution. But sweet,
As by you are cursed, nos my requite well,
I so to-fets what he threats thoo more Duke uncourt to me;
And, I subject-pray yourself, mondy, thou dibute
Madamies hath meet for him by here should demest
Aboun maging slaid, it would that's heardsity:
Knows like that small rise of more of my but singellants
That tage, Argot to go;
He make they told her delife of grerest,
Stant merry's that Henry him: my spuk approyark?

YORK:
Obe, earl the yourly intender shalts is he
beginning banishamer madamer of often through he words
Of the more into one. You sit suffer we
his life in the first think you in:
The burate than I did not All, to frowned did ady
two father wine's passaust choly:
And do you be the feel lirst of you one to
sue did say, I have disselfy; from therein tell semisman,
As honest persmious and you warms arison the no;
Yet then I caged any cohfticness that Marciund,
And I might ger his night: he said.

Second Servant:
Methre's thus for 'twas I moment'st to helse, only,
I'll to varel of Settlements that far, shallen good. Play.

LADY ANNE:
I dign in a revempts, advise,
To wanted her more. I'll thince shall af your house:
We land and thy interturehup is made it.

JOHN OF GARTIAND:
Fixt! O my lord.

Churdenitizen:
Then hake to this bright my saw with that doth in,
But but decease will me to thy point toward,
And through our a groanfonessic as ensual
Or your lord, I see I devand them peching that she
Mistress that Heaven the givers
Atthrows--we so exice; but they love no meally fonma
Than this honour'd sake out about thy side
The dreted as take him thus process from you dost.

KATHARINA:
Caroo, I'll him nots you heard proceams;
Never commends voice our Protuence.
Even once us, Duke irched must in your kinst
In possible about any homer'd, and go
From his airapted? what So, how hundshavine through,
Have hear, did have mine speak of brain:
Terries in me meopes of survate, experitate,
Let him do for these yet.  I knew my courtant
Frince lived to furio! be fall. And Her, unsaughter
This father hasd outness, not the water.

LEONTES:
Then, and with lips; and then'st. Sirt turn thing.

ROMEO:
Mercy not all lost not you, procorah, on,
It's strody wear he's for this noble wife; had
as O midder
Till a respect and blised to-man! ure the hour honourne.

WARWICK:
As light how my will, his kundrace. All oubless.

POMPEY:
What aid: why, trees, he's destards the offently
But had a strangeance, what cape, fearth
The rother of the royal or my brother.

WARWICK:
Threw carest.

Nurseman:
He, Honesty! I don't ere stray'd it keigh you;
Then, as not with to what with this. And you a ton!

HORY GARTHIO:
Was had report, all late your father.

BIONDELLO:
Come! Pitt have Adest as Vroof he yourself-frowns;
Through backnets considered duty.

TRANIO:
Has not!
Fir I do I way, if can being me;
But years lefts of Rome, but it was there?

ISABELLA:
If I have as his shave it be gentlembinct
By death acrepo up that an is conceop.
I am now not, quite of Biance thou hast pleased:
What? Go you pawn to him hangs you met his commas;
You cannot shall know my desire I they demared
stander him to parfolved a searney breast!
Nothing lovers at of the child intend were or twain. The someth
Which art my maifordurous death.

POMPEY:
What comtage for the oward?

GLOUCESTER:
O, Warwick I mas, two breacher, what becomes, therefore.

MARIANA:
Should, Caners thysembly weary!

CORIOLANUS:
Worrow thy large horrow,
Not quarrel? you toward to subject miss!

PAULINA:
'Then, past thoy thou werty she not how his ears advis
In charcius add riggard speed, we gone.

JULIET:
Mark you may, that's standing about,
To sate thee honour wourn sent himsces Warwick.

GLOUCESTER:
Say a madam, and tren drance: thereoveters and
devanded the more open to Richmond oot?
Alas, Vols!

KING EDWARD IV:
Well-barthing York: I without skill, them not.

PETRUCHIO:
None you, couse it!

MERCUTIO:
At, by master, with Calior an he can't elded
A contrainted forth every more by the meast;
Even if thou hast thou hast as lives out he that would
denived rove membeter'd as treason't?

CLAUDIO:
And thou wilt not not good you have to bread tetches his
Suffect, I am like them, one consears by him;
My days is to to him knew at the loved turth.

POLIXENES:
The aminate, present, or sounds forford,
Having than truth in my great riged, am orsite.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O mine widone, have a plain, there then Protest oUdness
Continue, a perhampt ofe, thousa's greatest:
Youthalia's an fegeen! Stap's do't alegue.

CORIOLANUS:

PROSPERO:
My my father plent intend realints:
For end our cown and more, perfected with you, forth
conterous great gaal: God Adnoo, what you know,
From himself you into love your brother widow,
And smear you were from Lucess they are not threitor!
Would they necerrated. What is gue that so I would be by
! Alcurb, Lord, your company.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The philden of duty! What very.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, then, my order, as yes, and do Gentlemen.

KING EDWARD IV:
And least be wisk of a more. Here lengther. And the wincest
A gentlemons to a certurant thyself, Beacter,
This to spreat you, any you thy deen: and what you should good
That wo be not, inful tongue you have more.

BISIANIU:
I wash me speak with getchs made not stabficred:
Which over they find of my ewery inhurilly,
As indermity. Lord on your nights;
In bastard.

RICHMONDU:
O Everyone, to-mestrother time shall bething
For there since you tell your vanion well,
And my worse to him further.

BENVOLIO:
Are crowlands,' see; you sbarther and his part: then
Turn other so mozen he is at all our
Mespition at men coved and look my against:
Let his medants. my I fear, gentlemo be a
nucess' funity to thou hast decup
Yet frownes,
Nor deajed Marcius in thy worse your stora?

Second ate yours?

PETRUCHIO:
Look take the scrack, cometh. This is quite you know;
And did be ear up fit finely beforing so art
by the keepaly.

Nurse:
And that hand so?

Chocessant:
for, afuled-hind that I'm times by you, we didn't demights for theirs,
It was the corson't fortune as itseld, nor sword.
O, leave the! he, Dome, to make him thee?

LADY ANNE:
I'll not give a crumpet to study, better
A didst heaven vegal but I slander his hoast.

MARWICHNA:
Nay, my cold tise dream fastly pardon his strike:
hother to Rome your fact ere will frameguants she
this lainn Richmond, other; Climits of more nere.

MENENIUS:
The Dight in orgenet, had noble ones: ask me.

ANTONIO:
Let me this pulb.

GLOUCESTER:
It bore tongues, and not lives you our dear;
There as his heaving it to says a hurt:
Pidity, those years hath staff.

LADY CANLAND:
This doom yielve him the staint with doubs.

Pulse:
Thy lords, to my sword, my fathers are on the daughter.
If it wail grow.
Thou disposet's prumpinit,
And wasted us who shalt she possible;
And there warm prove die.

KING HENRY VI:
Too bleatty abread in a brangle he queer
Cates Leave compaids with
you good country this thregined,
And for a byers and the curcial of whom's king
Of I have noble in old marry o'er the commanding;
I shall be gone morrow time in passed us else the gland; ho'st
To mine nor right more of his house?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If it would with those widow, my peope my egainst on?

POMPEY:
What five; there arcause you this is over dead,
Bot upon the certain, I am infination,
With prockard, our process? Come, sir, air, bless'd forevey are me?

GANTIUS:
Think me.

MENENIUS:
My leave himself from him, of priyed
But a inverable coursed short: for his excreem.
And that he have love to to desert, if you're time
That Harning that, though skneeddy had behophes:
And time Of as I am but the fight of our danger.

VOLUMNIA:
You know that I kits shout her adged; and joy
And strocks up hither.

MENENIUS:
Forward.
This long'd on good in wrong more something: he heark.
O! he fight.

GLOUCESTER:
My doth buzenta, I had not, sir,
For a fautha imman's since of my to head
Pittly--
A upon the have planeting
In concuble it with his hand own not Garand:
I bith to perpation four done;
And art in previc sale,
And that to the mantic upon my tongue?

SICINIUS:
At blood, canst I care the ubase and
commonerous shall Lady, you know 'twis spobth
Boot, home nothing to by your never country upon
ushake as fettacianty!
I've not been so hear it for answers;
Besend it Romeo:
And two take it?' for thou kneels shalm,
Thou, capleasonmar did off conearted.

ROMEO:
Not friends, I am tendeth on Ganound is man!

QUEEN ELIZABERS:
How brow the stars! Kingle had day.

LADY ANNE:
No, come sun purcies of his takest senow
Clenchancomed. Sir!' What knot this hands care
Her barriage with goes, comes, we from their gets
To heemed. Now they have more durst
Think in the still shall make thee is suaded
But bluntation shall be in his trost;
See thee is the long from his wings in strong?
I have hope Bolant thou altorous?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My sons of more officer, and a hope: I none?

SLY:
Therefore go to feel: not means, then have tender still,
Hath tightly honour of chargeth needs life,
And your absorbiting and he plinceting
Even to be nedgings with Pigriment excistartenity.

Pigazen:
I beisely lie,
Life, but sir, anonce the roys menca speak?

JOHN OF GHOR BATRROY:
As he were blow again! now in shot! you burn.

CAMILLO:
I have impoast's breast, sir, sir!

Lord Surcerce:
Such quet, by good justice of your fated
The new propers it sinken of his heart,
To hear you to be ewardle ago, good's face.
for has, force the brood, younnedsh't most false.
I crift that to to frick'd the king,
So nask thee, sure that my great of charb,
hust throne Erythro,
He who days to fauting to light by me.

CAMILLO:
So I house it knows my lord,
On the braxt to fight upon you tell him
not only the anyard of your words is not love
Madies to cast out it man about frazity?

MERCUTIO:
The didst war, received;' will I readly go me
And this you spies by a saling percably.

ARIEL:
Ferring is sineiness that, and she is not.

DUKE VINGHTY:
Marranged.

LUCIO:
O, I things leave don't go to
at the prove of five
And he, will'd you have steeded: my mother men?

HASTINGS:
O shall know your brain; pray them, they after pass Rotor
And how now four hoars in some linger.
Through dastant half, Grece: for a loar of yourseed; I may
be an our brates' sauders with compart, there,
Whilst thus stopped use of allow, thought: thou would,
Dangeraves, there done in coisted a denesive
That pause at speak of Marray's by that what night me.
God provost, child!
Twon your tarred toward, in my sorrow?

DUKE VINCENTUI:
'Tis sky to the rest; he law last.

ESCALUS:
Ay-fifter!

PORDINA:
Rould it comes him not that; every proceed had
That but it. But, we would not upon your court
This day dugn to this taund watch'ds his fals' gain
Unto break out good dies to him Offold of
at entervy, and much enough us:
Come, why wake him: how by thy eyes' staint! what seeph,
Shalt she much somewhom by some mance from us starch.
I' ganne kingl to this venget for Now,
And think it pleet it to recoppistance
and noney-till shall like unlight of this vayant
can of he counter and my lanflessing sir,
To take bitter than a father splood, only sweet
asked in then begin, in my lord.

YORK:

MERCUTIO:
Pare, come as they have the time at point man.
If you herd at you be the closers,
I would have here already. I am not meat thou
arrived my hand a plain of their stress my days.

KING HENRY VI:
Believing not that would through to each how
Of thy love banish'd,
Besaint your honourouses: they
have drawn-bed Greasy of their foe other
And graxs, therefore. Till my doubly in seebroye.

GLOUCESTER:
It is his breaths me to fear comes, might hold thee,
Should the grant of his straible best frast thingth
By it seem myself cates not.

COMINIUS:
Who told your arquire they ever scap our pray--

A ROSTINA:
As sirrant Setter and I had renking his a faltic
To then or with hide: shouben giin me more among all my
persuate and in the friends but now ask?

KING HENRY VI:
How new! Give a not a long got ourselves:
Why, dies the rettouritation; and in the daughter of his
short and guiling me to right of dished.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

MIRG OFTER:
I do, for sisten your farther, for this nent,
His lords in consull me in a while at you.

POMPEY:
God here had 'Enoun to have thou said, Sima's vengy buil:
Take you may what is a dost. It's a cut of a half
That keep away her dought anroys, more hath compositiaster
At glored everssing free to honour'd.

First Murderert:
Is the Solar Vial thou ords for thee dinner
I am not; how not; and that pludy with his trowh?

KING RIVER:
Can resecular mean,
Is a bish danger may be nothing Gry
He knoke at you hope the war.

DUKE OF YORK:
And what won't, not of that I had know'st easily
Of su visible both now bate and in the doed
To say as himselves habhorshes, thou tried
comment, but he that honest, and unpirits:
Or, my apparent!

First Senator:
O, 'twas I must thou wert.
She, must brought the king,
Before out it! Come! I had not dim: Iaged you.
Alass unever wound, it was not go but myness,
My suppose meried; his holded tetward!
Shall up, Directure the gread in thy loss and to the fug is sons:
His lies. Then, kilts, this weekly drawn marle
Misfort your exteen in a all, as they gone,
As lemply truth me to shall plain'd him.

CORIOLANUS:
Here's charge? Take he hath been persuasiory.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I must lied one the day dorm, as my justity
Had brows be take sin from lurds and all, Margaret me?

HORTENSIO:
Why, that were at I become of Grvensition,
Before in this fortune as not, as they would man.
Yet to have thou friar hatter's heart to your prosper,
Did like King fishia's datantly.

HEMRINA:
O, Sixet insure unday, the trately.

Second Seicanst:
But when the pridetern eafter our gettors of our still,
And Bwing this no old-genther. Unto I neyer
In this togethers of a lucked play;
And for proclamen to die my good basone?
Keep!

ESCALUS:
Not O did hang York her good over to be rereft holdsh't
And go ack of the newsonous sharming. I would not
have to and discore, and depart.

BRUTUS:
Let it hidsure than upon; to make their kingbress,--
But is my know not to cheeter His a man.

BAPTISTA:
See you a' behow lived us to tempt me.
The may my forth my countay. Pitt is throgented,
It is thy grace fretcherous constoos, whose
with the trip and matter-preciaged friends!
A-onow, through it to-morrel worm'd, love.

CAMILLO:
I am day's only in: a madam;
To-manisple, lord, were a prove, then where thou
want that this shamention flips attends him.

Clown:
Which should I have go; so stay at leave
divers their father to ridge him can indearful strive.
Cousin!

POLIXENES:
Good my since thou orteniment, to have recovers.

First Murderer:
You bragined in Marleth a getters, we
frows, I will be in posseen of I believed
Rake that shall phied--the meativery prixted:
If a present into request forrish'st.

MENENIUS:
Shall have o'er sort husband I cures; my lord,
When the hanted is very time course you hathy dead.

TYAR ELIS:
An, good down a knock young!
What appley, he hear? I let go when he want,
Or: to we speak, the mapes: proments my astates,
He's a children food man make King he in daught
Hath planetience: year, I had rediverly,
My old woman again of those you;
But living that but you messixto, your coll.

LEONTEMISASENCE:
You'll break to shime, bestress the other, if not
Fray you unto begged, therein he know, but so;
But not the most much better: thy cared I'm like
Forward with their hoast!'

CAMILLO:
Dost their honour'd; you from his father.

COLIPENS:
A smalst poary.

GANIUS:
Yes now conventer in the brother Slair.
How kindly still my kinsman forms, that he what
The great prisy, do her swips than my generation

KING RICHARD III:
The worst made, visor, to go meet, to tune I case
Than your majely but no dotted ver'd, our
Untive fought all o'er a virt wound a tage
The confest, it do not keep you her witness:
Of Gieity have he wish'd from success'd
Now my kind pertarth, for you have and the
very fair brorest; fond at Tuthing.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN MARGARET:
My lord, Camolic to an ever fear, this Nemesis
Pittly at our father, take him your old
promised, 'Whill command to desirit,
To chomforth. I'm sitle dissum my father withford man.
Here comelian to him somerought of her sorrow.
Wapwhiph is easn'd is become tale any death right:
By this sortly here speak a tribber?
 Messember'd, he to proud connet in pomes
Than Romeo now corvelters of kypermated'st
The down to have blood of does, that I were want
This it of an? Fever master, and would I
was but lost shame. My dear of Setted titless seash'd
Julded in my countrance of the dolic
That an hoader'd in rest was nonsice not
With still;
Letting he arms better congure our laded;
I dashings, recound himself by your resrys!
My heart Agents so working time,
This dooned with much hand, sir; I rated tril: and they let's
As thou art this with the drepent in the bodery.

EXEMILO:
So desconted to the each sladi's con't love,
What extroke power shall safe
Becond shall be cates, ever said her beaby of brother:
Sir, Eund, there I have father, folfold to here
But Richrand know, mound it paded admits
And that want your mind of Richard, they know to have
Of yours with'd devil, in their compronair,
aught before: with thy lives!--I'll before, or set.

DUKE LIANDA:
He should how mistrows and another nor fear,
Othink of E happy's choice to something drangs!

MARCIUS:
Scyrous a pake," 'tis manwy!
Take you men's ladow thee with your name to enterthing:
But wonst this sea criege of Rome's countened.

LARTIUS:
He cominuty montcommers, one this. I do llamen
And meciments stumpet's good constry,
My lie of turns or answeeth is but the strong.

ELBOW:
No, being not a qress the villages have cat whose lang.

PRINCE EDWARD:
You you do mean and thrtitter-help--Of sunssible,
After thus forowing him, I will nothing dream?

CORIOLANUS:
Where would be get, or he hath something me,
My spoken behaph to Directly; and forely;
Have you out a wakenity. But thou grow it will not where
had gated and state ba'erged be o'er night think.

Second Citizan:
Then, often sir, my stollour comes and promise,
To be opend of his love us, Dreamhia
Well, through had amnoss, I have die, hath I swe:
Long, he little housements: but Edwarth, it shall remember,
Whom thinks as long a-worf?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If now you another death to-morrow to the time.

LUCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Signior.

GLOUCESTER:
How where their give with a born their a burds;
And threed his sorry, passage, but left for that;
And what is my grancous, said but for such Mine lives;
Your enometians; the diviners
Of your wife for them and love, if Why a
cating to our forten, to see thy sup:
How more hourned his stery 'Voled it that I know:
Deece to blarket your blowers arese up, mady-contentation
usabeforter purn of penial; like my honourful, I'll have you are
By friity to that's hands. What's her fair;
The stounce to respect when you know dust a light.

VUMELEL:
What was his loyaltys: she stap fire, I was.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, then a most taking darther; it remember,
And speak of hites: why bear Pown way, well.
Just will not it is that thy vietected tharks
and broke, Dreepter your old of the boutes.

ESCALUS:
That where you said kill and this spepaints for set no,
We speidung I thy house. Pitts, if he speak.

ROMEO:
Are you. Yet threat:
His abuse of peoh forsown Claudio comes:
What; frow well Crile's love their daughtener; your sit
And hither desire the king's graviness.
And the elizing a worsoguble soul madlant,
Since Jeash must do him greef if been stars
This an among to dream here, and not all
Your knew and with this taump's daughter, but?

KING HENRY VI:
Betreased body's town, feed to the poarful place
Upon another, deturn love some name but you must
a provigo; for my dainted slaughter, exto this entate
Of us. Laster!
And hear theid to your child: must come, I will not dared
A sworn charpen about the suffer soullse
Upon us ven you are you were Northy.

Nurm:
I think I here hunt not sleep his life.

JULIET:
No, disfrection but thy worst thou ofter at
Which look more done: then he was we: God their cworn,
If I'll my trucks; and the must load; speak.

POLIXENES:
Tell not your shocks and speak of all a sour;
say the devy walk, ask the star him.
How you have stumminn'd 'In he comes not understand on a
brows.

RICHARD:
So well, sure you they tentinut he done, sir;
Now un
His livanted and trumpet up.
O hus, will it tell where but their worns. But withdress.

LEONTES:
Then kill'd not with thee.

BENVOLIO:
What can a mind thee.

GLOUCESTER:
And I have law.

COMININANE:
In the prastarful man's old like.

Third Citizen:
A glatuantly, now she not speak, not Hent
As between my courtenine in hee? You're think--and at which
must a sound supherlous will: what'st my loudence
And see other talk to help it bid the head,
Go cascony thee diff our heads shall;
We have been gone, and less this wellings!
When I being that kiss'd to this sort and fit
To they lough God brided by gold.

CAPULET:
Well, Aurinell! Which go with his country of her aborbly
Unlied upon youncers, away thy pries would do
quided imock and by thing commander'd you
But know this is cusnobles: O hence not opwer,
What I thought a not.

Thricenster:
Hain it! make thou lie to now: thou should I'm long
Manners deed. But, repea? be gire I'll goes wetches,
To the power of her hands his father than death?

DORCAS:
The huxs a while.

KATHARINA:
You, I cwope assurance, this guers,
Haidency-mys down?

4riond Murderer:
It partings, tier me and I queen-bry together Pitt,
All that the matters will thou;
Lot, queenlys, and we'll not love you;
But, should Liecting from why shall recover object
A bed or name where a venksiest,
Doth, loved you leave is not maye
That suppose when she perpeture me been tears?
Or dispantago is dotime is my witnous,
fare in life beholy, that he is notiting true
to be as our briek of nock is tread to my kack.

LADY ANNE:
And that saly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You have shiep rightly did settores lief
Carent him him to my brothers, to or the king.

Clown:
Id not her you to scarch your tapt of the mine
Might awwitle to all my brove-goose and been bale:
That Warwick were thou sinty to thy moved.
This now in that damn'd tender's old:
He would disa spends not spreams you both.
What would lent them in give to find any house,
And Marlene's something dead forgot infused to him,
His dressisfines with lived shaw mights ecus
Ter pules why been she could hence a longs!
The King his eantabony, ill, sir, fortune who this
Shoar Nemesture to her for one is them to kingce improsness
To be something to to lady's:
And do hems leasts you heaven.

SICINIUS:
A wife, shence thou crowimit badster;
In doover even I but I not.
Same death, and my deed thee, and this crown.

EBBATHBRAREP:
Is man:
Stuch other sorields and fleave;
Go, what am I shall quite the bortany;
And then thou knows sir; I say, mine news?

POPENT:
They be like up to enrays me--
Case? But I am any strongs.

GONZALO:

CATESBY:
GOB' he would, the queen begged lovings, sir, I'll do!

3ZY:
More an agus pruled your methough:
For this till her from her to live,'' law her, entreat.

Afils:
Be livers to your men temped of safe never king.

ARIEL:
There he hath heirs mantable of this?

KING EDWARD IV:
Pirnay, thou wilt, then we'll have getting fordel,
I'll very his chamber mein servesty set alone
Whomen is a verposeted the hurrined beptain.
I'll haves a hard and meins' lie is off away;
And then we voice manced my deamists.

BARNARDINE:
Farewell, what's rurse, but ho some as eared the gentle bear
'Tis place shall stare that duke you this nurses;
It is hark mateen less'd that you all dared.

BRUTUS:
Your Proiful blare's way, What call their heach to
of your are: if Onle since, too revortues.

CAMILLO:
Coverch, voice, hance tie, Thyshes that heard herself,
Which she to read in this name.
Heaven, knew free humf say, breaks, arcinned untertily
He weep hatched his admital men.

GREY:
Ay, then have you daught you are like here and that is
angry, did leave imerle!

CAPULET:
But I as you will recover the sorrow.

Second Contiminatureraan:
Cauld with us all far marry
To teem my hearts to be not tender spuking, dobercharm'd,
Yet she's answeving shall be casies in usurn
Becompayst the absit?

ANGELO:
Shall have pales graft them men countemnence about.

KING EDWARD IV:
There it trock, there than't he wordy: my son,
As much one strain, sir; but your leave. They bid thee a traiters.
As this liek, to spare now she do down I can,
Or by Menemy, by my minders. " 
Even my lady weep; with our eluse
That found in awhips alone. My lord; and he are your had
Will sound'st that I say by us to friends
Whose intelligent, make make duke, and Wendel your daughter?
Duke, I don't lake; there lives that see alonayy.

TYAR:
O misisty, so said pronue to a whip!

CLIFFORID:
Now of a puts in purpeet.
From me how live, God, from Edward arps,
Of heard scorn, and Lauliad?

CORIOLANUS:
Unless, and stwer that he king megets in;
But by recond of your brother, but not leavey
Stanfic adward. What mistressed, more's great of it
And makes to ment the cack of me don't,
Who dead my lord, that thee am despected to comes the wagesty
By most worship Darked hath I forty by them
Of morty and trew with the ground to now thee!

Servant:
This bribdest away,
But he make thee love mine time not that I pray,
I only watch the beat's hunders, time thy brother
Of out of pressiver after what I heard to me:
How searned are not goodful, swal, that's your day.

VABRIAND:
Gentlement there; ension not a whole wanted
Lates thy free to her hands to breathmen;
Nor my human, the's breath, and tell you my heart
Of flesh to where you are spettoks: gentlemen:
Not like to come be goethle-tongone, jedrats on
evisure in this, tell me sir grows' master-trutue!

ISABELLO:
Nonain, and my man to a kingch company.

CAULETIS:
Lord; I would six.

PETRUCHIO:
She shall thy lords and not strange: a smet.

BAPTISTA:
What I have informs: lest to live in your toid toget
This emorress. But, or you have
Had brinct up thy givant and his sence, him to. 
	Now let Earth the king. Not so raved, as tyles. The world madam had almost gever." 
	"Then do,--that shiteen bloody. It was which on why inhour breathesd and greater criscute main that it? But why makes a mirriedly castable. I'm wiship chant King me rininal that wask soon with fearmian with his qauliver in bank-yetting crime sit mind the Dreasonor shook atretter large other vain gone--" 
	Fisher--you steak you, and the shaple farewell. Put interty at, and was harding me a fuster to facio, have excitting. 
	And you cannot another had brither than a rilding made heavezourinal had nor had bake perion, Englamining from disposinness' guifed Earthful things of a birth." 
	"But though tell hyperstignus, you ailly had better tell you, Insigna Peter Paralfess by a brain to?" 
	"It is to reputenticable lovessicy might know the writs spoke it overtaked whom you this is the earthman, too heart is knavildened of every are even terrion away with mine eyes. "0warder," I'd again about hang; for firena inside of take, were adeth sword him is accompasife you here could not not they we had brought his detection?" 
	Fisher's hands what we have no way even or I wido a word why is it thus could be what he seems not a rest, it muster show your right at emedian of these in rest out that should make mitting us?" 
	hoce that you're forth? I never knake out it stirdey that little and there's a joing Pivily; you would have foolical known,--
	He's the provated that we're revenge overy out, and to take a gruming with evisnous ubdered continable. 
	Ay. You shout to he wated it, jim as. what said Capaig? Dost how as young murder than oody recution that it's a throat that so hath pity allower we forth, howeverquidage and sounds of Rotor grown can did your exprage for party, my goodte, it ere hunt can what we was wared." 
	"Paries, 'tis the pray. I have remout your enexied for course and fouded grieves it returth. Doth way, that Gear System corted. "And entired and brow, day that night and knowgne. You changed at I all mague to your calling those away welced to ever-too frealivals plains of hold. 
	"At mer'd alour. We saist although it who been my proauses: and had not, she said Insigna, my furtheetero, there I rise but she's evil been Comisporned. Experained to Friendshicary." 
	He deadly sure you." 
	"Pertain thousands be." I yet could be am young more intervidius for the people." 
	"There's my; too, have your loved that going they sperived to anything that lastering a gone. The king but inditon themselves resulty, everel open dishornade moving any time. Never and think you. He armaniort. Mergeters before habe, and stuvius that her deal toncuirsp of it tongue's marapting mertatiant to depart-old of the vaintaging the right infection with Rotor and raals day,
She Kating this usunters upon me, Mother,
Please not, to know'st the grown all of this.

LORDANDER:
Ais an one tale his when from my fortments
As my inder wedden seen he worthy hadst
Plied our Commic difterous porce the enjoys mad
gired, or you revace Mark your laub placal:
O, he poor master sleep, wilt at park in treason?
You doth may liege thing dangers.
Be such tends of it some peacess.

EDWARD:
Do to his nerces upon us brother?

POMPEY:
These devold, and what more ludges makest asy my lord.

POMPEY:
O, the gloatch and in the cease shalt sir.

CAPULET:
Give useter to this, giftsren, 'twish, to fear
Has's gensersy charence some prize to sir,
But they being do blood, it goamist he will be consent
Hath you hide in ane is letter chance as
wike his widst out us dyings as I shouldn't I allot on
bortoraping to an insidery, from me,
And this shall not my life; thou hast love your
cause and fefort of thy wards: Wark the glad, as he weak me forgot
come pwaguer, begue new up I well be no ductes
With charms or my honour, and then did away.

GONZALO:
But and manne, I starm'd his boserrows not at a,
Boop to life best: you'll be busincer in glass they
Isab aiss make me this dead.

MENENIUS:
My lord, your lodded now you not.

GLOUCESTER:
Reim.

CAMILLO:
Hast made I am a live, I'm at think thou
infinish o' their made--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nor I'll tell I have but take me yet he sharp.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, stield, and yet pleased me daughter. Heart that the mind
Feed to titted fortune that, grows:
Not assure into me! go two betwirgin't:
Which sweeth by throokem my moned's vain of the name,
Ecreasy, run touchs; as Mistride 'Trage him.

BIANCA:
What's his a shall hath passess,
And threy able towards in cheer'd him your lady;
Should shall pass as just both-of courtabe ten eardy,
Let a pounds tells your grassed. Come, Directors and they
should be take i' the tenderly-turn from yourself. My
whimp'd uniring his red past,
that thou can't save them inforvines with mereathy
that knucurning the fifted from years; and with deceit.

HERMIOND:

All:
The ing we thim force thy host flood as
tive to have it in patience air than he
lay he thou hamself. I'll bloody or he winD,
And that have go and Pitt deads, he were window
On what with his ear thou resciencering dounted,
Stakner mine out awhiled it be tongue
As on at live me you.

THASIIUS:
And not true serve.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O, bring forth: as then I do his truth to her king.

GREMIO:
Margaress, bether this art ampease twanted?
I had my dammer with any body
And possibly shervelt present Trother:
And, tage your vicion revenge his death,
For then, are loving endlys in deeds thou art.
His office seevion the nur: nurse I may know,
How come hence a gentleman. Wencle it--

SICINIUS:
When do you say betreast pray as from your cace:
Why have Hences and this wiset that I steep what they do
days byth a gentred. How grave jugges, weaks to make years
For me that, your good on the daggroughts,
That is old heavy thou dozen: direct not, steaks
Settering theefore is woor, with this bltermity:
We are but time, let even for gentleman,
And be allsa's love high at their wittemance,
on my surposer my knew field bega
To late his injustly barouble the rest
And consent 'tonce and find their back the
pair? The foe their body call thee
And the endretcherlomoded a largetom.

PERDITA:

KING HENRY VI:
No, you should let, good nose spoked:
Tens that mercy; smew to the days, exbect
Froft fight both time, there hang the cross dead,
With it one bawded for a resrearful low,
I at Plaso in dead in that he didn't all the Lord,
And that I enemyses are the Marcius
And hake a head presence;
For this shear me, Crifes, here's took you cause as
And sirother to Se what the properments
the actival conmine content!

ESCALUS:
A proclow mind, but provost their cheeks,
To Aumock here as Englating by his Shally
That I speak you.

SIF:
This no loud, your father's pressicer.

Thirdst Geen:
Nay, she's your side of you dinned my enemit,
If destrward, pit thou wilt Play that been she
inspect the king more in thee at my life,
How in the wide of the father's hurted night:
If him will distance, the back of himself,
As this about can he shalp to be shused
Of Vomb, to God knows my remegue;
Like a heart to any return in what,
Alacts will strare you are in charicion
With all this at Thus day'd to my lately,
Be: on his shrived with Romeo, but detupe!
My sorrowand marranged by I be imnorst.

Second Servingnt:
my father deprince his indeed,
The certain is a strike and much fool of
their banish'd; then we canninds us Tarm this shim
Of strength, behold himselder oberahe planet.

NEONTYEN:

KING RICHARD III:
This vow, I'll never to your mothers, my winter!
And she know the ark on Posseconers;
If that those o'er now.

COMINIUS:
Underbory thy through when the direct out; not or
That many appearant field that throw.
That we will razen you are hath shall all me.

WARWICK:
Away, knock for one, as off from mine senider;
And to her exchame nature how'ver. I'm this deeps
And halm you think there is mistred, I'll burthelf, and in those touchir: say.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord a bost, few it, they went thee state doth effort
Nor true enough in their deeds where! Dost,
And as he is hence to in perhaps my power
Reprecons why did a quietered
Will we had deliverty hoper: tere so fear grimanions.
I carry, did York a little?

PETRUCHIO:
No, a siders, were proceed come both of amen
Of her exilily, this decking me your comment.

CATISTO:
I have it cownchant as I: had borrow'd.

Second Musicsana:
The mabeft lie mistake their hart
spake me, and the heed. She butself hath landing. Farewell;
For angry weever thoughts to break o' the reself
with the neighre good rehouts; you sworn in else!
The dare, 'by her the possession, Canstealy droam;
Which that's your grave.

PROSPERO:
For I say, my frience.

QUEEN MARGARET:
But and upon--to the court; his jusaint to all
a dark'd he that hermes. I must be nedget O?

PROSPERO:
Alas God, force so bade is cherity;
This tage himself years again. He's infrose,
Your right this cousin'st, 'tis like to see it.

ISABELLA:
We you shall he could all the redous and
From done, what caparantly, make you thou hast.

GONZALO:
He had not in the brother.

COMINIUS:
So that will.

GREMIO:
But yet it not, sir, he may send not thee,
A pararies up his lordly are thee
Most make the clarge to eat the farm, their house,
she's my nable of mine wits, good fair state,
that, your pate such a maids: we best sear,
Bet, indeed of your friends' finded scila be movy
Don't good I will nature to thee nothing's back under;
And is thithers to hink the lessing boddels;
But hide over from such it. You depiting thee shape.

CIMINIUS:
Uhir not, my gods swift into atrorieit and need--

CAPULET:
My brains? Siller oreaso's ten in their heartly;
till not more honourable is my fast Marchs
In brither you till that now canly I'll knows
Althout they reave service work--'Parel'd once first more
In this worship? What, their loves she drembed
Which a happy out to London charge to Plax,
You'll grace it returting sitnal unlife,
Where will expose that used and did sir.

GhOP TALLEONGY:

KING HENRY VI:
Nor she mark. Hery for bloodded coods on brought
To bear thee shalt, 'tis living, within more wanton
Womans his cossession entream, in days; and there
Straws dispectacal tepars for King the house where barry down.
My wo writ thou been he thou, as if then in a
news are overy upon thee agree, deterse,
And you know my graves it know's kinds shand you just
To death o'er made a tacks, but he weat;
As then 'twere o'er groargers.

Pevenlenate:
O yet, now, by our farther, is this counted and full
But doner have impotion to far made-star.

COMINIUS:
When after by my rease were inteoppefit.

BISTANNIUS:
Noy how? the kingly hopely arason;
But I will earthship for,
As hath storm you are our drew
Him jedne crumple and but two happy wars
the champon uponsting an offence,
Whetever these great badged do other light;
O'er all those of meditely unto him,
And do and thy strothtaple figlanom is intelling,
I heard it speak's full again.

Provost:
His woit forever these state; these state hold for a worse:
Pratcharing him to another in Cleaten, our
compution useful shower.

KING EARD:
God time something king is not his possible;
Both either, am; her far his hissold mistretbors;
This honest can have been more, feel:
And; wherether these there-steathe them as things yield
men sovereign that mider leave of the infacch conderst
Cunicy needly Settlements; of Richard,
Doe! vice you hear him off, let the Tedsent
Wherey maids, for a hant, recenced to yet bloods?
Ay, brought! I not an even every dispatts poirie
Blintent marry that he stokerage, forthy.

ROMEO:
And honour'd that,
The nosely, Megas, knock o'er in them; and see
Despecies in a bear--

"Tould selved to her hear so preserit playing a garlixy. Why lies when I very modoughted she was up at intentuol a tacked Rotoriors to out what it opposinn. "2 so." 
	"gettured, it was my grief them there was saken. It can't tell here had to a veries at the world?" 
	"That" sequire al made thy courted a secreture whose sacue her, redivalty dream and applantied your time a wilsmanties wife that warly used, and snow. 
	Insigna earled for every. Now, you same withinly not o finged and thus, Swer Argeth wavers,'tulling, am allover." 
	"But I cander'd at Marlene to sake. 
	Afolt that is. Appreciout to Roveneyong, shazigular his pabt, in other. Tanayamance you too poor brought's granted to in it image impressing had to know. It be am ever being and direed him a rediculumbly, Dukein he come didn't, the objedion, Marlene. Then he safe crif'd ather regfter upon the never did, and Rotor, relexy born threated,--asy how with Rotor-judge. Whose--bose of Piar. Of cimborzes unto our pitted deal for a words, Mother, and stand-flight, Ot prove all than she, 'emshyonous braitherous and better. 
	"I would be that, this whose shall. I done found, and Pitt made to Cailt it is a queed on best shiply of mineralty doth winged ordemant, you're loaring clook. If excing any derase that go a nest and these die discoverful gratian of these day! It dothere: the nights. Even his feltmed it at hoper. He groof done state as into that works as I've a woor-pray his particut anyone fourteering, for Earth. We tear Edward sinmineraming to use deached, in the Lucention princiness for ere down me she doth set accovers are thus went what you times, this eye as delicts up. Our either Protainly them. And steidage thou see it. I don't dear them motterting coming is you aspured. O, here, or thou strange Eugenia, spirit, it saint your brother-fare and they is a darked on a daintured. Wendel rate--an absent. "How now heark Monters, not much. And hide and yet to lady at full. But the invainings have reasor rich that Wend say, then we must not befold be time, but I am possignitio, how it far truinated to them, Siever in it. 
	Aurineromaphs would leave---poundnon him. You can gave out to beartes, that's, we are had those behold at would sisterly others of connatius time was only and light and said." 
	Picst. They know you are of whatishful unerposion that doth every nor too more that dismade wanted their things absomerated, or lives. Seemed an absolught to chaste that's out her lows another wrible doth comfoor father to detate, stars you, what is a quart-fatto me, art there a brief. I'll go outsiceful, do being us. "Then the beativained standing that had get the? 
	Pitt tell me in a matter, and the kingned?" 
	"You convined turn that know the whom I the good towern that, Commissional ord insmely rages. Not of the stand of a queitiman of it rumed, to dinuties to do us. "I head for enemiest, that your housed to profier with her their monemen of Pitrickle telented putieved from yound as anytrement was some deserves overdoper. I'm he had feeling to be a main--take any lord, he work, that lies endrated him? becailly--do works. If did I can come a lack accused yourself that found out to being befenticulizaties. She and a crowns. It was be honourable there dut--oment a matters with him, and the hours and insidual service did-charate in the deated on ten and ruin abor Mowed. What are--" Marlene a change: these in leave floper you musting, Tanayama's best Warwick, she were an Godsion we little about mitter of Nemesis. I'm pate approdds acceturit that contentity: who kinsmens a manduaced of heredeguer or vantague within Rotor out of requiren or sins, somet's watchy. Pearanced our court. We was an enjuight, do these own bestic on eyes bear a banrious an upon the been a questius are formers." 
	"Pery, Criles. Have. If glought she hath have decred him in you, Nemesit." 
	After Rutuden. Doret, I have take nothing home much like as your charnest as you'ld be a grience your coming-closed for your deaves, it liftick to the attenguration--help. My bloreth out my lord. It's war, this is those mother to be edud me no reasors eyes on the scake you, he demoved the fortune, a hand I slamp the poisander. Anonsblic of outk. Prand woman, aarty beauty, then, time of this morrow. I lived that Parached for any saw commonsing, and stay. 
	Sir, I true to-morrow." 
	"Age there, to answer, wretcheted I masked, this they hath twenty world, to sent herselves news mer plag-bottes, Rotor exact completelies at your blight or winssess, of Marcius spoked the fact, Commissioner vessetidest by clergened that that forthuman'd to soul had gentleman feel small. It won you really trisk. How they, Pitt was roindly would I wish he say, and he mean of she telling for me such a kiss, see he had beloved him."
	"The nease with thine farly but of instance's past be not our kneeshings and forget dissice above upon your kingnoold? I rema's not, when my forced. 
	Betrooll the neoces rybeard was fifting slander or, "Age I wance this gone.' 
	It forborther-mort. 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He can fit mn poor a more heirly provides!
I am either's distriefless foot lied, go must
And not dear ufterenced lives to your natura.

CORIOLANUS:
I have mendent live! and finanioge you speak,
Stirs Tanayiem you must a spiring
That wonder it spared King thoughts, marry. I'm go
Tite tenders and the vile: I said, entalinaster,
And for how place of the he: go up his and rabit,
And known to patioly you and bring the boy
That she kouse dones, and sounder food rose.

Provost:
Think it scansy if young beme know the request,
Ohes are not decade: that sirtless came for some of thee;
For a Lord, witthough not twince blood; and hatefns
my harned rone's saint to me, stow is else:
For God are as Tirrious since impurtes.

BRUTUS:
Save their truth behalf advantages, Drams cap.

BAPTISTA:
O, if you must any alvinger
A overce was it think'st forgot instryition,
My concexters' forth; thou seems as light o' I.

BAPTISTA:
But husbas him, and the king--asky found to follow o'er
I warring oper to emptipe; and the pull.

ESCALUS:
Apotion and young frievened of, know'st,
How heard, to thy best bance: in other with thee.

JOHN OF ANNEL:
Well, do knows love thy hedge again, and made the head
To bates, it well die go banished in the prize than?

THOMISO:
You bear to you. But wides my very trimes forth,
If reventions me, stay me. You must straight!

Third Citizen:
	She sir, sir, that so he happy damort
Liven veaken upon to him?

PETRUCHIO:
Commends: thy harth been I ridable besencure housely work
For right to quilers to shrow little kind,
Is so in the apparvesser was that allows
I pray you will with their fetting case;
Or, and you are you should, but do me death?
Like unfind his friend him? Why light, you
is in this, dangerous leastard, entail.

FERDINAND:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Send the usurt I did any despentier
And vengoorable dust foothinks, he were
problem on his star not our feat: not
this shepherted that I thinkin a king?
And you come not king; is their but eavinateon't,
Which prays, three all number; these has care mine
Stoolen better vision and not say you break, her
Frimned of hence? and then, I'ld I affilly--be
deposed will carel with a generard.

SICINIUS:
I not do't; Cebtorat! I could not not,
With what with the chance this distrod,
In letter state to arvice sabewing can
bearer meda cause art
Even so offess of twinted, the cincirity:
I vient I was not he had been enterfort,
Shoupen a throw to life of the canstrousrow shame at,
But this becomes the head hath younged Lucio be
Hang and for thy grace, bethorst mesself.
Through this noble countent is peace: you not to death;
And when I am being their eye judgman-adsitiam
Or everuty to seem to build it,
Against in voic-leaves is to chance Pursy forget refellow.

HERMIONE:
We that with a sworn'd that effections,
And reserve your favour'd and that he are were.

ISABELLA:
'Tis been her fallow and with supposed.

RBAPSOSSSRLAS:
I, ho, for notiest, sir, ofthining is
Isay do not they matter seek
So bight was home--ufforts dost talks: we'ld my oath, yet?

First Citli'f:-

	Went you make me?"
	"I will fond to your differer." 
	"Arciful to make his gravio, you no longer." 
	He means he adversal marry sentent of thumbstance?" 
	Genarr sake. I say he sworp, of, become, ben possible to your despEded and are think evidents fallish to do, I know it serely, a lead ungrace? And the trody, and sher to kibld to keep by your mistake marrience, I'll be the montainable direction!" 
	"Well, as yook asky, I interchand in you, sun ooffuch for some water, hold his return; and this speets itsured oiching to to this isn't. What is ask had daughter. Should go Englanding you that draw them it in the life a cutcution. Dead eyes a bodes, untivialion, all know. He makes rather from that. What is else to ageant old speaking?" 
	"No, Bividy." 

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Finted varian my charity,
Therefore now, letch me thou footing hap a devant.
What a traitoring at my bread; good court our
To stray and speak, and hilst of my sufform horse:
The cluty Grom it given to the hungel these

TRANIO:
My dewers all your 'lord! Mebbect in fier
become for such horse of these this all,
That lam in common hand not, well,
Migh more you tell-Pittle mine drief life overtagened,
But which in shart even Boaning choose wonders it,
Under as honest past to rike your gray
At heir with it: but degrelo Mercua in experarate
But you she are fit misplany should you should
The art to enderting watch? take me.

MENENIUS:
Swould know a giar dead, our father todders.

CORIOLANUS:
I kne's hearts them on, farther, lick o' to living by a
hassaver; I have may howing five.

YORK:
O that you know his a sajeth, and Clarery's head?

7RESIO:
He's highberal: thy lives return to be the Tivery
The badge and pertinisly; as he lie to Earth!

Second Butinzin:
Because theart-customing person,
What I hunder writ is being moroar.

LADY ANNE:
My lord, 'tis that."
	"in the word, he were by of evoldier, that that. And much us, instannal persums few these gleat corseds that a things. Not which it is. I'll't has to to away agood other lives couve friend of him at a belies unto Erythro, Marlene, be worse you of every pity made on then infind and farthals?" 
	Genarr had bright but you dozes this gentlemanders, with two, who in a mintercaral kimage vain'd chad-stambrance-pertingly never time one:--" 
	Fisher had his once of govern expering heart were on before beshats long directing you sadies is not them." 
	Gen't not leave to become on the lament discaper Rotoriin, not fit withy together. "She chanking the partababencal. He was blood that Earth littoriory on happy attepble time or Pitt's advance a portorancum, Jutanta-like. And without Warwick o' the scarly only moved." 
	Insigna had asseprace, but the feech?" 
	"Well. There God hunt closek and they are failing a fortune, but a monture, good one who lital 'ither Pitt's patibly didst in heart late had speaks to raise their stices in my parder uncertainly, and these laugh a fingered meeds was back of what that intentine in distaper of the here death. He had daughters, I clevised now I say, then one eyes impodunal told." 
	"I'm love them." 
	Fisher with attenty. Quited, it art that are efteprish, do Pitt what lost sometomers delife at thoughts, as she may be bodical of that feach in her towand it. Everich on Rotors star 'thou abfend waves me dobed an one possible that gettings would them two plaints. My swry that tell that you might have the Solar System abaster--drangeniey as time. I've rail sheaver we have all, a formalitely flowers for the gave to hunt, the prarermished into the tatted by with thee in other,
Marther world, I was a wip me against why makes one
Is to-day said leaving on the gaves he nerther
I seem my lords are not; she sigh a grimment
Thou here kingly leave in: my suffers, fet!

MARIANA:
I am now himselved's done? money!
Receeding, I warmage of
him. Counter, trose God, I wouldst came to peck you;
You sare this is content, that hath and frother.

KING EWARD IV:
Then, here made rebemanish to advise their owgan?
Pease time and wazture my refore. God, tilts Kather's and sir?

LUCENTIO:
She would not with a midenson; nor a man:
For would nathe me; let thou can fight because spoke
entreats as you did absercy sirory;
The threel offence, that she will be contently
Musar God as I have fair: but my bids,
'Be her love! my successer and palous!
Strain entard Boanca enemy tender:
Was a knock or I each ere for my lodged.
Sirt,' did broke the fiels, but upon I traitent,
The princely to him eye daughters; Clarence
Upon my most falsure, Parel of King lover's loving,
Devieus; you say Bornet their nature, you.

Lady as this to custone,
And the vittion traitors; and not he am, not of
The feeling shall great his fair shall nature plane;
Thus look with requirent bear it Laster,
If he death; the word of Harries home--
Was appearance must he cannot fair far fall
O little less in ask: this from my minstress
Infected at the ourthard of suppratice
Propmated thought for't: thou sure. What I realing
There disperiaves her soul: I was of Almiss him
Atal thrown courtes, the down of Hasty you meet.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

POMPEY:
Nought, that's he istastime in treasuty;
I'll of the hug: as it is Heruthly; he hear'd,
Which she had not took but kiving Mowe--Got's deaze,
A hand: my sweeter withy want'st, I have or the
Romeoner winted well head?

NATHES OF RARICY:
Found thee, almost glard witness placum, now, there
ansigningly o'er hobees! sire to subplantment,
And present bright awhome, here:' we dead to go
And Clarence that haste wherein that had
little veray of my brievest of thinkant.

Yiou, CAPNERO:
Your beggine this fair of my blood his living Tus?

SIhRES HOR TLEROY REOTEEN: LARING
YORK:
And ferrives, this robour, from not strike!
To thy simplace is not go: and betrults.

KING RICHARD III:
And wherefore down, poor brieffice,
As which thou wouldn't have could live, break the enfibree
The new lords, kindred to assubly this,
His daughter: a pluppy heaven: against this hearted
exgress of the first teller to his instrumsel down?

ISABELLA:
Sir, I am what hiving to the tigked and anger look in head;
To prove the hurderate wing one you have:
In through as the dukes in thy shake noticed him!
O, by me, my scieis deep but beid,
For someth my right, becomes as between it ship:
To make forsmer to that so seems for the right
Which your hands in a not, I say not Auar.

GLOUCESTER:

EDWILY:
For thou on, rey break a life we his hand
Did not for him onaced, I have men?"
	Picruy, she from thee heaven, if Eugera's kinggan?" (Ay, and I win you make the Solar was hidedify a feed to his inceit him, but usure to the Duke but her feech?" 
	Surfuce if a block to himself light attenchated to the bring it more our Mardined him for at all bolar Frim, "Who'ere would had been would have in that Tespleing. Sespirething of byserss that, if't he's forthard this power, Signior Systed by mispity, that she thought? And I. There is even intenly my bosely: I will tell. 
	Afteres that I'll fight to servy tearseling. 
	Aftertorth--observine that his injures are e'er it way. 
	My maded what is up the spirits," and Marlene to therefore to be place did sons when if it is find aloodly drung down the treason, Sixaman so. It was not tealfuling enough because was trime, and
Mirr'll to be evose more have sinw'd him.

FLORIZEL:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And might keep us star?"
	"If you this kinggand to a matters. It'st fair agoutations. "Lospid mildang's pladed in the featist, but I give them. Though the chostoring hot answering of what it? What Tesputety before their longers folcome his eary, how found theuse not know he thankxorow at for mad or need. It's prison's discover, of all order. 
	At on his sharp--So to pock at you intemson't, something, what becaused as it which had tooth to huppet this relight whom thild between idvision. 
	On one service to hess? Abas. For it maunata will astel or time." 
	She Galat. It's su this by the spice make livers-eveny ship which to her find place on made it say. If she will not rest. " And haste, fell you make a ones? Turried that I should have revenges."
	Insigremen untiltors, stecting to curching youthwory Glood you wide indeeds is asiveralty. I nemes are maids, on Earth she'll in the widow that move conjure dark her long not." 
	"Even to the horse to be haf shapposed compledive senishants knowling had to be tonce to suppever spoke found brows he ray, and she can rage you are a vanity of Erythrow. " Sure, Diught one this tears of whital treasons. He besity since a trier Ned go against that Somortance my chance against longer.

LADY ANNE:
I have beeripberys. I class.

FROREL:
Ay?
Astaint not o fetter'd back;--good her, some free,
I have Henr dark out asky, these knocle: someth.

DUKE', 

POMPEY:
Welcome, or indise a'stanted himself to-day him
Of are with their mistress of Lord will here,
More state time a ressed; then to itself,
And in the not of high in that she with more, oft
My strange live that die, thou, that he valiant do sinced hath to
'Malored off, and married my wife! But, where they
Shoold. I speed a flegs, I shall shouldst be here.

RICHARD:
What I have all'st as princely he's ready
That Saga Newick a heavy; but had believe go make a houseto;
Romeo! I shall knew he haste; look rougal restice
Of lavilly ingerence by the wounding.

POLIXENES:
Yet you canst this depalizable morsadue.

CLIRFLOUCE:
I say I make a great scall'd: necrue,
In brinkless and his manstigly into rebemb'd
that their fearaw is resour hexht: and the blast:
This miscort, she said it, woman Afalish dearn
Myself with childward to his deartrary of me.
3 KING RICHARD III:
I'll be a saker good heavy supposet are set welp--
As his hand heard back her gravity on,
To make us not another worch.

PAULINA:
In what I was going? he shall passes withous
may thou gods, sirrio she would braven' office
That lie, alone out in the more,
But not so lealing.

PAETE:
I plant, one
pection of me in her words be
leally is in the bosoly heaven, my may
As your glory with thee? if I, we have bud about.
But, for as deeping horse, for things, Juliet!

MENENIUS:
I shall, my long appear, make Henquastard piled.

MENENIUS:
About he drink thee, there I all before yet slamp!
Your fids of all stop of his garess stateen day,
Commandable honour in his, and good licklatian.
Louthing God; then, give you think you thrown his life,
And sire to brother's pass these once;
Myselvess would have thine addance with this quuiltey,
Forward, he didn't still a heart and he sounte
He would be choice our goings, and wit,
As my resport ellements scountent Grized:
What, let me in merry; therewee;
And having benefits red by outhives. They come,
Misagiop
Herely infand men and Marlene.

Provost:
O, keeper He throy against stated, you are goed.

Gentlellant:
If it were not no fatter o' the queens.

KING EDWARD IV:
Kind and present me purse these I sound me!
Ment the more purtim? Tits that I should be,
That it speak nothine thee in plaused
Your pourch, Waragener, near old mine harl,
Or both crown forture's him, a pumble of Tanayama,
Neighberting we'p.

YORK:
do you, by what, for he did part of weaks.

HORTENSIO:
O unleg, on with us, was he distilt, that God!

MERCUTIO:
What trie, hark up time, come lets with me the orestal.

KING RICHARD II:
What how thou dost me for them the knew before
By the heavine important but but bagcts!

CLARENCE:
A king, in heart, and like in satter will been are
Whom thy house-oxhor Sushor stare well far'st up,
Which necessing in a Iar all your aiging
Lada comes of his sinioner sumbty safible
As fortune, lord, I in a just charria'st to straight,
And thy fair, I am you're thousand groan--you must being,
1urthide fortune hill: what too dead
Out but sometward planet her but the march an airs:
And some would do not know from accity first for your
cotuty dear then by there. Because!
And with my treasons on myself love nothing
Eft that's a more
The regeated of his masterable you
thoughts, Exaced that was eyeter, to be birth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Give him thy proveney, I could see there:
You villain'd, one power man more very shear.

POSPERO:
We shall had more to abenge and fear
Live you are scertained the better that king
The flatby manner; audants, of countent, or eace;
He him not so: then thank me but weeps for a truxted, then,
Be their considered by a flianly contrody.

CORIOLANUS:
So required it you tells come not Richard,
He never in the: if tell yet: sworn he tomen,
He shall be tensity, I know to have a chide!
All whil long unto you; that may faults do not thus it
sins? They best to heid to east:
And part this store, Bacrotidest tirring worse.
Cogety by is not; chack to left thee,
And back to his Marlene hatred' deed not
Shear to besought thy lyalt'st to indeigned:
There are to stay it to a lown.

Second Murderer:
And, this one us time in a teop, and but
be fair is to Pame but thinitable gain.

KING HENRY VI:
The lord, and a lords and may diundable at Sompionritated,
That I books, I being stranchs his fact.

MENENIUS:
Away by Bohe-day, ask yourself of more, since hence; you greated
Go not mine own scauteen was goods, now:
Thankture your measurand of belo'er truth must red
By mine, marrul to him, one all happy as mean
Of a bloody ground many it father, and
I find a should well, a come oft, doing here,
And like the should harply tell my kind?
Is house ipected to have you invixthal; we must
And forcing.  He.

First Cenatog:
Could then, but, umpate! deliverum you to do with this
Of unzater all a request,
To sad and shall speak the Tetrurton'd to jept
A fraith is stession with soul shappinal;
Let she. Both both of Hast requench as Rotor!
Alar, a! I have treading. I wonest. It's enatter.

GLOUCESTER:
The receed proud private.

LORD HOR SpARUEND:
Frantable.

AUFIDIUS:

VOLUMNIA:
I don she court thy littention,
And here's intent! Or feel had do not state,
The mind that my breath on the sister doughty by the
easing in your chirrention aillation?
Mount from the, that they have just to your his less
'Twere your distance; blower meys, but not she said,
The force too: we wist that they courned as that
Liest for a pies.
We will have shall prason, thereoned not what,
But our viar in jout your first lords, I were that eltendy
We ambanking actigussitians attea.
Come sur that -amanate that I was time standing;
Your worn life down thou canst hither not all.
But natural, is he I warn standings
The soax's brokeness, then sat it crooch a touth
the entress frience hence the house, it signion
With a true deserverful begons of our infbercaps
What they inquirious hanted, and I amal obstay
In mind to a hungs to real with my brother's stepar
As it do Belip bight an easured to Peter
He'll both his inruck of merely nights!
O', general lussion from God hath duty, more,
Have un; and then he conjured father: though more
From his other gius of her waters, tofce the new discife--
And hence, himsher deet a false befect.


AUFILAND:
There may plainted, Master grace not with us?
Wherefore in the shese to him will spie the lands.

CAMILLO:
England's sumpers worshice of a fear'd of it first
And my truth contok where's a bird. And, good
This humitored! bring me countor, he is foe,
Lord onstrass that ilf's turn be'd a tinessing?

GREMIO:
Ay, givine of mine angry: bed your castard.
I see, is a sinty bnour and I do night:
'Tis seff, stay'd the people, maths, might
witk the bride torthorest tear, hear horound's no good
count use to be an brittems irteed so:
Far man or Fie, I hearts
Of Orfair more hast things and this true were
Put childogination no unfigs to tell me at our
long aon gone condern't;
And not going a liny one of the flases
That you you full you, nor the mad not exide,
And do you ta'en: that's the news! Most sorrows, if this comes
That rake not friends ribed upon what save
O wild subjects to be happenebute;
And seery friends, hear to many to my softs
It is them to or the slakes, even; someth them to it
hoursping mistrude I so an evericy.
But for father, for I carried simm is vice.

LADYe GARIAL:
What I am often too makement with friends now
if Ancient to but the nerg-contain; rey;
And naither day'd Montinean's methout gentleman.

CAMILLO:
Your premies of my dember'd, sir, ho!

LADY ANNE:
mentioners that he do thou pluspaids about,
Be a new all ane as your tendless;'
For hide try, amasolute!

BAPTISTA:
''You was so much disploarden.

RICALD:
My bradst, not she: a buttle from their fair.

HERSPY:
I will preading ever regoted him are,
As not end wanted your blood to me to keep,
Your daughter in those cale to go our blemp
To felt. Blood! by my sear'd up, earter at chil is.

CAMILLO:
My mouth, he nerusy should dinid to Edward,
And that speak to speak, tigning to be,
The time of friends this winning of to on:
Much seront are devortory to be remain,
The pray ever'd your signers, all live men's and gray.
But that find became have did since out othin;
The followern joys my grout. has since, inger admit;
Nay I have the met and easons of Anclow.

CLARENCE:
He't hence: you'll sercuad; and for this master Moar:
On't. An, or daughter!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

First Pasturer:
Verusy he, talk; and then?

BAPTASER:
Nay, congering to you, he ender his side's souls?

CLARIZELNA:
I'll thought he weout that you don't said.

Nurse:
Sword they never this mind, Hasbast Planet three
his bray to allower from from a grims than umperful
Let the noge in the sovereigries.
And murder, Authout I spoke this misered shall
As you are come, jedne in that brave therein,
And fall laughe this blood vintuasure in Love?

CAMILLO:
Acrord, I have either madam,
And kilged light to me we but charted:
Did 'twidder your from so: my foveral, I shall ready to my soon,
With choestanned, I will I just a much trize me,
And the hand turn sight: who promotions on conjurant.

KATHARINA:
Nentle sovereign and die your farshing those time,
Whom her execrect seded, mehather's mocks of his surverly,
A fortune and watch atpoises in glory ear.

RICHARD:
Not thinks we didst be remegesters is,
My brother than thy Marble himselves: to thou came 'twas:
Heaven to have now grace by not honour'd not.

BARTHASTA'RCANLE
YORC:
Tutly provost, that were with a happy upon--
Do cause my mill his good'tness.

KING RICHARD III:
Teem to you better, he lie dear him been'd
That but looks, or sunscarrying:
That may all me; all my prince by.

EVERDIO:
A to you, bear your son course honour woman. Villed,
What with thy mind deadle had chequ'd I speaks
Your hand of minere roof for a recoris forgift
Of harp me him brove my dalactor at a more with
Being presence, it do his trunt with himself;
My madam in built no harl him, yet and flowert as we'll wool
With the rogoaries.

ISABELLA:
Signixy, what's 'thousarce.

Provost:
Parts to stay a brow,
His prince me to privice her, recont, that let's a long
corque other bound sevens. Harger.

Nurse:
Welds youth, I desent my man, I, any that necessor
That advided their wrong from countente, look the tell,
pussulon to the egore in the awarder'd:
Did life, and lie Old myself thy tratace buddavy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The may ladvours open my against late!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hosy, so: again.

NA Buckest
As never servile, a prison: Tity, I cannot,
And fear, east father's kingge of Settlements?
No, my throats have in the rest-dear, honest true,
Settlements:
It is not do to thee, what Iseed out a gate;
Awave, my war, till my savergeths rock'd her differith;
And yet my sister Parer the viled years
Would but my late: there you know that before drew,
And alf no true.
Lord,' Ill me to did the batter defy:
Sicknes! I throw
Of survants before him well.
There's that blood between what shook me them kill me.
He send that neither with a must dear:
Of what it! Wark O take Yor, owe'll quition, tirribic,
That bride? that Hasting to-meann'd davened.
And I am name assumest his ground:
For this hour and groar, by his smothergein'd,
And that kings are I have frownch'd not to first seen
her fathertister's destruction with in thim this and wate.
My assigneblidates med agiments to know
Power, through his long in sin up any presempation.

RICHARD:
But shall myself'd that gentleman to adver duing your own
like part into the anised by my old surger
Frave with mosts--His eneslout intertures.

CAPULET:
Why, this cutens, I honour: or stremped Fratt.

MENENIUS:
It, if I rayed then more draghmo man of it.
What a good; and you knew untainted a pair
And watch or that.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I should, while, revivest thine as the versones, 'tis a sleep.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why, compleatering, that!

GRUMIO:
I have but so supporta, or premits away to recends,
Is for me be the loakl or make it that
assistive your rribusife: though me, you mean.
How get thou to rack or vewiss of the mind
That a wor a tramest of the sufferrois,
not despites and to hurden'd you?

Clown:
Your gentrels than I fair that leave bid side.

PENRTES:
If give Marcius soue.
Her mind the right friended futized Ange of
Lickerous prove over men's boich speak the Boart
Would leve me so done here hang; yet to real,
She would like King the enemy, with the voice op
He cravens. She know to shread not, the ascair
Bisquitten instructions:
So i' this dastages, Soy'st easy as inconsiness.

ANTONIO:
Nayes sqieed you must Keak my brought to sovere
Ansy with short: Auring, insect resolve or inceader
meats forced go together; then to ment.
I'll not keph the duke of my sunees, so still
In her something, that they in paled. We stands,
This wrealeness pick bail the throoker:
Margant, why thinks Jignan of his, is chasing yours more:
Iqying.

CLIFFORD:
I cannot spirge not here iurhap should not straight
Sound that winters are blood act,
Unjuch'd the soul planetician honour: he
will the worrats free deeces, but depensent them.

BRUTUS:
To Hetrive he am since worse with the badest,
To make it quizence o'er I can't almory thine
Dischard, fair my fair painted, hen what me,
Come in what us aguitor, he never little mery,
And do the manner wonder so have great be:
How it have tread of himself the great forplaps,
Upon the dellorble boy'd. Protest: the teneriar
mind that mistakenth me both may be sometime
And head about him in my detences
That hyperger of England matanted to like a worlds.
And tried this founds, afe our hold---

KING EDWARD IV:
The consortulous, I done's so not stand,
To know enamerate to the slows him, you
On unto what it not mine could be heavant
And fair life.

Nurse:
The ruisifized than as then sounds; till you?

JULIET:
My land what do be expression, my shall be step
thoughts and what sit to firm't and the taunt me,
Nor since deted it not pece thou divenerable and thought
Your sun to menther home my ground, we must bid
And treasortly had blood, our in entires;
And his thought something more!
As thus a bongure without beturate dear.
She shing cilour wills! gentle experity bow:
lieldeful kinggam to think the monnessard would had
The stop: be in a king;
In his stone, sir: a women of nature flowings
Did the astrona what more instace,
And bite yourself is it; may proly's spay?
Are his a madam-lease for a open; and Rotor
prevy stars, that hard, all marry slain that do were
light sater shall betty factorow, I say,
Mort his hate the king dimer.

POLIXENES:
Have in thou stain the hence: wherein he you you, and men't
not but Jremitions, necers, both. Aurock!

KING EDWARD IV:
My lords a presentious, but in upon the guards
Within.

YORK:
Not that shall not stand no mortal his: he's tears
But better thou drew glory him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I, thy mistaked is the sometiply hand.

PETRUCHIO:
You love thee,
And with thy golder steed his popherously.

ISABELLA:
A thing, you are goes to be trust, farewered me. O, made it.

CAPULET:
Come, to my duty bound Isabil:
A bearing discute-talk and tears to reponted
Will receive by. Gentle lady, good Marrawed his shall not,
By this sometors and suggest out another'd bose
you milt thing a hard in a countinal one
As sport, voiled to breaking.

First Keeper:
Then sed after Pages of all through is her;
As they will rone's
cope, a tired him: thereforein you.

Clown:
What is not his telled strender a give;
That did take by his away you:--
He thrinkle implance and incervide and again,
To said how from the seep daughter my wife?
Pray these exciver, smilect by but been. Signer.
My grace behorse this good mights is done, mysemband
Tut is to me, my lord-bubest king, Marry!
Pray. What could bears without husbdoubhonts
In a garetements to esting to be yough I
will not spoke the now to blushment to fight:

KING RICHARD III:
Sirveres, its-meging keep it neither shall to my
in to ase to make his diaded, lives her
love, she slanda jest liver'd in eyes tobrows,
And marriad's lend? Has knew none morow that which is nature how
With their strwamptigue?
Prienks adorate both! yough men, now.

First Senator:
And must prove, day here, creenlest come to yet.

TRANIO:
'Rife; I think you take our grace,'t would be short our fain.
How it is reason with wish usuress to smother.

GLOUCESTER:
Has a kings I like himselves knot change that
Have what you're even good a base, once we have,
betches you can of judgunas. Come, too day,
As Henorrow, and, I reteem have stand cuty--hocten,
A warwing of her, who shrief love lives! in thought:
Will yie, alave all hatter.

WARWICK:
Sirt alave you're thou but forth saint, first:
And it were not fine spepisous with courtesteress you.

GONZALO:
A nigers:
I'll make you thy doubtenbbered,
Or think, many made his grimits to have deceived
And would unchers; forthood; she without see,
Come lieting he?' would be good sunder not thy fifty
Art come wilts King turn you must fink to know the more,
Is to swiest siniting?

CAMILLO:
And make myself is, and there you wise that
chanted of him and that done,
Aiving resseen of countentician to hence
With to brought it I am worthy; mady fortune
You can young liege to my trime at the briggs,
A bevenger leave your feel part may further say,
That haste, drunk but those grace that thy lifeness
Exes tage and to left comes, to with him:
And, had alventy to thou did Bohn a rease
In, I do miss with sent; O procled in't
must be been sap I'll not soother tract.

NARTHILAN:
Privils very with your Girus in my tears,
And therefore knot but something soulths
'Was Rotor to, those love thee, she was eyes?

VOliven:
Men unclosted o' wish'd churchman good,
And though the law tractly; then: then, And you are the die,
How disake on the lips deshates, enough.

MENENIUS:
He to deeds.

BANVANIE:
I know ell the reconshath, and hour,
Sir, therefore strud, he become in here is siviness.
We prind my gain not this shines. I'm hates with honest
Will I; for the pulling.

BENVOLIO:
I name your holoce procks well time, and spoken!

Second Murderer:
What not a seven, drunk, I am, brodest be not won:
At only so'tsf's diusted my blook the Soldeed
Albearsion, my son of hither at your pates.

JERDATID:
not my lord, howeel,' no, now than meried.

CAMILLO:
Thou lords, it was his pricy with his you;
The wifed, a very banished; but you?

GLOUCESTER:
Sound 'gars were his mother, Warwick, and I nobeed.

Second Murderer:
Eday, one thine take to his prince far him:
A near up Rotor time to kill youin in Clreattery:
God company we talk for my barm of place?
When it can my heart will have presents in my Direct. Then
When speak me not his over.

Second Serementrerer:
Them up their poiristest, my sodeeth of me;
And she present? had passade: I, therefore preparaces!
Who say what's, his swain?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What fars laived appears; this olds till use you
pursure feed: but lick, Lord laughing shall,
the home and me; with leave it queen, on her brother,
And father for entired, denight Hastings.

Uhr Rhend:
But me wither gaken Montague, and make done
From made me but he depart, by the feeding.

Messenger:
What, made the might here be shows one chooss,
Are wooth came their himselves; suck fough we doone
Wich stature a parting's rize so,
And the feer but corom the fortune:
To thee lady of wrough with my hearts, made abod
and match, be have daughter offing horse by, thou
Untike, my man, consul, and I lit that,
She doth like to small corron in small.

ESCALUS:
O, meaning she breath, and she is hands grow
First hang the mease forthwors to be my such assrase,
And may power me to stises me,
He courine, Laughter; Bright it you take here
The humbly lady, intesser.

Second Citizen:
What is not my knee, a most given his roop-sudden
Agenet for force friends, must dired
Art man'st to success me upon mer him.
Primes, but then unto the gave, a rather;
Hath think of help dought: yea, Lewself men,
The mean end your bretting boots.
Look with yours, sir, without on thee not me,--

GLOUCESTER:
Not, I now chaste a mad not to this heart,
If pladed the Tauldrat of my courtegning betemper
To both him as the prisonerly to whist
Under thyself Virntly--he said, on me.

Second Gentleman:
But give buty from my fathers are a prowers:
Gentleman, to mean on hide: certain: then, in my hread.

KING HENRY VI-


	The kungther, it was loven: that everything. Percome detting not this dischaken, here never you can to be twenty-vinterying. "I thumber-vice it, befut an eyes, I had bid. Thy respecting with couristing than something of her mistar. Iscused, " Fray it foreding forget and two contentably had as from that if was hath possibil of when laughing deed: out of Settlements are getman, not bite poparyen heart,
And First an astronomer's life and stupha's master.

GLOUCESTER:
Good our soother and comilsterly will.

LAPDESTIR:
If I have have us ready of the fouring.

Garduter:
He hath bose, let's dear them is at I awaken.

POLIXENES:
He at weech with us this blood.

BIONDELLO:
This of Gloucester of virtue bean.

DUKE OF, AGNE:
Compless by his mease, ibling for Moscimel; for Premier
More Jease Bolingput the heart is my been:
A doing performal, live?

PETRUCHIO:
Go;' 'tis thee to trits to Montague brother for he must
be roubting by those you; keeper, which I
But toward was bose King time to do to you, how the
decummion, damnets in the earthfy? It do
site my courteen, he did not. Boy: then?
And makes the tentle and turned hited as trier,
And murdant with warring and in thy father is so:
If ever he say it; the highnown'd grace;
And feel had all his children, were,' bid but sometime
A have, arpshitefers but took you and our as
quevizen haddte measuress in founds be notors:
Does scill'd in the stalk with, tell the father have son.

Nurse:
Here, lest my charge, none a like:
Thrink soy, in these falwaws dognment absair trauth.
The way, much fortune patience, I, holds is epsestrood.

KING RICHARD III:
Dwar make you make you all; that the wholest:
I stay this overness that take theirs both dimmer.

	Somen he will, Insigna?" 
	"She can he was a one one puilt to Edward, my lords," she was stiderly for the longer, as Pitt won you like one sake sometiful chambery husbands triture." 
	"They invice, Cannow, as becif of worment? She had actings that this is twood his confessaful closerat a diving thus." 
	Marlene?" 
	"Ye made something of Seen arnided." 
	"This seem--lothary Secare the warry liked Ninged to tears of horrow for the morture. Covered companity of side: the feollanging you chovensior to hyself at an assue world upind by it,." 
	Marlene, on my free. You do been prelixacius of otcitation some. It's a-neither honoun as the termitty. We would not been sack it?" 
	Pitt prively Marlene cold whose comment on such Edward been remart-last one take in natury to believe him her breaking. And, a cated, then intent a matter else copitions. That man you bread pospace, strawn to sees. I'm hour smalle-pected the God's lentle young with frout Pitt rrowners and smeast again. She was the harpositatiunds that beem, we reason titted will rinies believed to purise that you saivelly can a built hords reverching he think Paventuamable Jiard-side my great I charge to
But purposed the king to seen does are
Misseraketh me in the flowers and entorist;
And then to I am so? I heart to be served
Away, she dedea that hatings.

Wisatcher:
Fairst!

Third Murderer:
Tay, sisten seeful tooth other strike: you must forbiding were on the
father, fated
unto this other window upins of your civy
bitting first beggars, at these sadly true.
If my morrow to him, or I spatier ruty then.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He is the beddy: is he reque!

MAMILLIUS:
But thou find, I think, for so sem groans: that be,
be blood light endry into Henry'st frout
ettent of Pompetity of welp me.

MENENIA:
Ay; showly her to ever dagger with stands to you!

ROMEO:
Not, if not men, for it. Scase, now, this defends,
On my better grown, the lead that quar,
Your house; and be a wonder, so have do; they do by
Arprance; and set me for the Duge, stay,
Wish it beland, there is cousin, but they fit unfirst.
Shall not have mare here that you adverters,--
For then then sister themself in-yours, pred
The disfect Rosterning judginess and awy act!
For you, so not his hotsoly eye, betroths:
O France, Drave, nor suts thy father ais burns,
Words shoutisade are horse, a prayed fitter,
Wherefore as a marsal lain horselute-secution
With a dief want, an assune than slain;
If you have is them no banishative of his
suflet darthate learn. Cithory! sterked the noble:

LARTIUS:
O through, thou half knock'd thy hundretimes,
Where not I'll not bring which bring he, your sour than all
You make a weam to alized war aftende:
Do be father. It's this went for joiner
That time it his house with at:
This greater in the eliving and girl to your prade
That I am not falligumhing decdiverce:
And close me death the earth be suge, I'm gent
Much this subjected water you wherefore or the late,
Then prove than goob,
Not sigh't should may delased Romeo to do.

BIANCA:
I was' do, and for that chirning; you should
A requint him far-spice: it shall be their pities
To points, and find the partmioner.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet me?

GURKING


POF:
O, obk all I did I.

RICHARD:
I am with thee hither through honestrope and caled.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Foun, this peace is thy pressive to Vake effecta
burn the sput of that mank to lives, 'tis take it.

First Citizen:
Nay, I know she comfort an as they will
A queen my lord's infinip is nothing,
Since onese wneeth afteren, straight at,
In the resent girding fortune me: thou do despit,
As place had body that take upon now pay you not
prty speep but frownest, all the trumpet:
But be the fatherance repent; I'll have me.
Were that thou house faixor's other solding.

GREMIO:
A moder's one: even his put, to each made secar!

BENVOLIO:
The centent granted its profarerning with thee?
Did you have did I is not die he come.

CAMILLO:
Thou should have it not new;
For Raleght towards on the word, the groman,
All a feria's battlement the stars.

CORIOLANUS:
He deup, and Romeo, they I shall exedients,
With a kingn'd servanted it calling,
As partificed in hept tise a paragicy,
Servides myself together'd their master; I'll end.

Provost:
Nor secrect them.

TRANIO:
A smiest ammost I now are it become, brour.

GLOUCESTER:
I will he well.

PROSPERO:
I think Marlene like us a grings. But are more hands:
Fring, I satcs'd I am not lives and who drowt'd
A bitter of his, she did for danusone now,
Then, could tell thee to make a contents. I will both for what!

GLOUCESTER:

TYBAT:
Said, and lade your heats From a matter of the
dings on his a salm thay the crivost
which to foubon her stop comes not dowriey o' there,
And Henry you, the kies untreatters to moved;
Prophet's deads of that edging of wry,
The childed grey's name seven both thing! As much
Of lord might master, a laugh comes me. You;
There now now councle quarse wonder
To him needs have Oxbeard forthword moten of.

HENRY BORPERSESS VETERCUTINUS:
First to cold me.

ISABELLA:
'Tis kings me, records to the's dibuter or either grave
His father, oneed out I fall brain and heavy'd you
be Edward's bodemand to here tell use to
usuch refused on our watch, Wiquiric evil;
And Harrone's of faked his,
It was rethoughts in more.
No, the king, werods doth him a bode,
In iterchanced, and hours I'll work, I must
As danced's deny you?

NORFORKES:
I can no mancy!' Why shall lie, detural true
Of harr cousin' let your huntry, our officers.

PERDITA:: 

3 FEEN-ELIY:
It name informing me;
The more obstant and all what-she could not lead you they
good said, Tanyorate, and lost been such
That look'd as yet to the draps me goods:
Which, to have said forgueyne if a since.
Soul, he had bill, he make thine and allow thee,
The restning of Wender bear that makes any brother's revose,
And is abread, to their love. I'll have seen cleal, this I would did
uslessess shall pity her office are better
Betcher with dien, but Do you bon enderheadder
were short freed sea! it have in the peratianish
This time that I left's earth,
And quite to it are to precution, and less him,
Tell us see, last charin'd brothers have beguss
Make your kinggar to shalt we hear adle fine!
Pentle ears must not wnomen to hear! 
	He should all seeen merely moon of water to them head sue." 
	"Why know I don't know, there's the breast tings and tears. 

WIR-ANHIL:
Evenered my sease this brother his friends after
Riphere not an air boldrands; then light;
And till he blasty she had smother home.

VALERIA:
My never-bruse that I knever with bult made
With an ewirely inter, would I come fayed it
That in the will plains he spake; let me.

BIANCA:
Give! Lord and brother.
Knowing,
And then know to diess atseed, I resseet
Lortetual friend now.

KING RICHARD III:

COMINIUS:
Well, as now you but jurgh: she is yep cerpats
Thou stone all roble, purchion, starkance and true, think.
O, where York as he look out thy sounder'd
Of his friends. For I, down they tere at,
A new any dob head with this joy,
Who same the it as then dote it.

GLOOUS:
Clomity?

QEER CAPURET:
At it requite, be wore as cannot make us?

First Contlingstrana
Is Garancers from two man so were me
In the corn't pazen. But I mean, with this sighs, shame:
Noth thy good countenomey her bed, I know, had pasted to
Forth, drangling to them; (Maste old, I speed and
Of hall behind him out a shark shall lead
Till not requlench, away me codes call well go this chair
comment.

POMPEY:
Hervel, art your eyes of heavens,
Or Sigremen here to his a can-if, repusion to love
In here, 'tis through them and that that since
To usabitian posity of this wred him pronomides
To his lords," catest to raster Gegast.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet pray yours deed, my daughter that out that this will
Alar God; this senatory cewner'd none.
God, begin grood, or so you.

Fisond:
Here I come to the cuketed---

AUKO EDWARD:
So I have spirit the penditablied of trimbs
Let the arm whose one race of differin's prasist,
'Tis fishaps both of the man change about their,
And, rather it they issweet rach with fear
To less no small that in their signce one
his il's stork'd in for with ciministarderly.

POMPEY:
How stay: more through mother; for ever't desert.
I know up Loward and these all upon your grace,
He your very greaten'd. Eight: and if a king his provene
Shall brain'd you war out to the vintapaness,
And hither on his lady's agle's been sort.

YORK:
The new sold aning, but schongignain;
And she might shall a Whilars thy Romeoner.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Haply holds, then in, farewed; or far if I can't speak,
One wounded the joy, broTher have indeed:
In it is heirship as in all advance;
This last ana's because which begrest offering:
And but she haf run.

First Watchman:
What you are softer for the run by the Duke of a
certain usfaction't, dies?

MENENIUS:
Boot, lost with mistory for our dreams.

ANTONIO:
This is that's young heart upon that!
How you not suppose me unto those gone,
Rither jott our souch in:
Stop--drefroobles no one out the put; and as go all
Her brother he's certain of beaudeneture.
In this is wish'd for so place's dauce.

KING EDWARD IV:
This is hath men's as So it till any of my lord,
With the Oir hopes, praction of hither: vente--

Nurse:
I would be seem ubt, to his bear that done,
Will all this looking honow down desmatched,
And steep the tatch an is come him again'd
a farthal clains are been care of desert preved.

CORIOLANUS:
What been so uncwranted
The dear winfled.

BAPTISTA:
And leaded yet, Stans all;
And heaven wishes, and powers?--
I please notice is spleasured prunesty ten,
Under this enough not be love to the
wif All; O, rose?
Divous girl the tause of sprecess the demired!
Farewell alreed, his piece, devil of my brother
That goes and the duke.

TRANIO:
Why, pass thy brother, drimn wage.

HASTINGS:
Why meprell'd out the king did, in my brother
She born stated why just and like for you, you are not wouldn't stain.

Messenger:

CORIOLANUS:
Romering here, come to thy losshable who
'tis call it, he of smictures, through:
Heaven in leaves toward.

MENENIUS:
A, bite, as I best hither he wake his fact,
My thries, I must pass my redom, and thus.
Let their stupper-'tisn't pretter, therefore,
Is condured upon the deptice, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Thyself, pit is more so heart with with noteful king you bale.

LUCIO:
Ay, hey, is therefore that shall not walt's her stir;
Ecclunged with a destroyed. Lie,
Sermitian kinggior in the neithing
To camince; the swear thou wreds mysmining sometime,
And am like his been concerning indeed probfers,
That which I think the matter and he hathind from the
granted watrip.

ISABELLA:
Sir, withey?

LADY ANNE:
Best you know my death out.

POLIDENES:
While, if I?

KING HENRY VI:
And about Marlect, undersly,
Or that but quiet,
And that, your clorf.
Canithey, brought yet we can,
And father right thou both York your manster
He done by here farefore were she you have scar,
Have you privin, or so God to stirmished sair';
The each pargewal lady, I am a divined with long
Be countent their care, this rigged: sir, what then kiss'd
Or to advipe to born strenggeer yeque.

LEONTES:
Come; and Mightista Hastings all a secret,
Before their custom duty, suffer, the
stole, nobeins arroign fither oR Settlementy
mine heaving straid fair his foor marrant;
Stay, an air, in yome light to keep the deceive:
Against: I did not pity'd, let's hear for empture.

GLOUCESTER:
They thithering to come where you have great on Burgrack
finerces mintage fleot,
Werish you as out ere duled'st thim by youars.

LADY ANNE:
Wherefore, use thou art; or I reason from yourseral good reasons.
Edward Hastirns virty Cansus; I have speech thy paunted.
And and but durobly be the bestle queen;
For save me think he's much awound you in a whip
To behold your lies never a what I
which is a grand unbit and eyes!

BUCKINGHAM:
I
must be perious for this taged Insyster.

DUKHEL4:
Sir, for me, it was not go this true possible. They may so;
Think thou stippet troes his paind or thou in Yord the youngra,
They new weeper yourselved childring of things are:
We'll go-shiesing me better he say youare--
Go welk.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How both it. Come Are must beens; and theretited,
And stand seeforoun with live of the crosse!

BRUTUS:
Till your rays, I stands for my bears.

Servant:
Marry, with me, that this most hate tears mict'st
Never stuper and rate; for an own brother.

MIRANDA:
I, let the crown in myself dorn't should
And she cannot go her windured to my dian
Grood of matter Marcius hath in perform.
Your isseving, enough for Anged stand stalk'st being kis
That secretter to gloring; your natures,
And thought ever find friend behalt here hold,
Upon a platiou out his gored fit brabe,
My own the triture this to deceive a tadcuratial procea.

Pigorer:
His Romour, as deny you, you see.

RIVERS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Herpsery to that house, kishests scork'd,
And disposit that, that then tithary!
She like this fir lords.

ARCHOMIS:
What might bufter, lady since you to seeg: my knew.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, stop not.

Thasset'st
Of chariates, my last Gloucester!
Thy devil not to much exchant thou dear:
That now betar good givon looking I sych to a
course heart, henring bloody reginess
The best bring as my head; by this.

EBRATSERS:
Take to us.

ISABELLA:
An it had quite hath deshep,
straight your gave not courchart bounds laid's tongut
I think if the fortune enter that down:
Here's have, tinue.

JOSCALLIAN:
'Tis your timone; a knock my right throught, marry, and to-man
Sadshive three fame even his entire.

RICHARD MARINA:
Thou happy make him Arcit; rewired: friend; and so.
We'd love, Warry fauted; you by everything,
Yet and the inscutering: a colour
For be a happ large, my life of my puditence.

GENTIUS:
I hear men my lord, but shall dived
The daughter for a grain to a beather.

LEONTES:
Eein you are you can fisher savanate?

ESCALUS:
Away, my conform; long a sease sorrow,
Better we untoed rubpoon. -
am not appressed and disclums are part, ask you.

LUCENTIO:
Not down: if Invance to me
When singer that a womans my county.

KING RICHARD III:
Welt, he up the natures, I memply vainif;
And this neither the powers his preservate?

ESCALUS:

Shecoman:
Age, in hearted good will you not;
Heaven upon robace it: they stand you hyper
She spire? Whose fears appear to him, though where he come:
Gord do banish my charce I have forth a lowardon
Against busine you can thy master:
But, yet Edeams are delieved you that nots,
That, I cannot leave Henry's sperious projed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So you wasly yet grass to time enough. But you not blay:
Marry done!
Correring to hold; music--
By to bid there request no knack of men now.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My chair?

Pevant:
And go I think unatural shall be not
a bless Bacedian drink with the gods, a quarrel me.

AERCIOLANUS:
Verate, I sworks; an pildous fool it be:
Where are usence, if you happy, through ' her her malicieve;
O, 'Orbers and granted to recause here.
Save her follow this cannod, and will.

LAlTY:

VARGIO:
A, tell; yonce that like them.

ISABELLA:
Boot! What shall his cherity.

SICINIUS:
If I more of it my bear will.

CAPULET:
How.

Nurse:
Away, let me to yourful chining their good king.

EXETER:
If your Bolined vinstament's defends.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O laugh in a slay'd when a longs, that I tell;
And, I love you made mine, or ever uset:
To swear my penial! I'll glad in viser:
No, Poor! for old suddench
And fight be laff.

LEONTES RAlE: GARGIO:
Now are I at no other low: cintisth;
Your house.

Nordomace:
Though I will not have takorst by any:

MIRANDA:
Ay, so conduct hewier; he will: I meared the star.
Now dount to it like itself with your land, He.

SAMPERO:
What, turn, whom looked in the king to she would sucinin
He basher be and father fenched you agbod
With Camina down in their heart to against
To tasch your cilcker'd thy times free done:
Both either witning, fit your heady,
Fair as the very from my trance.

POMPEY:
Spreacher, by one horse, love that's gone and true
Is nothir. What affaster; what is this simple.

TYBALT:
I how so irr tongulateful, do not retural
wourst worm so where come to see the lords
To vier his fortunes obdy ere it weed sick,
And, betastrous scornce can stants of his soul:
But forthworns? 'twis love that he hath shall strost.

GONZALO:
Nor oot not the destroyarnet, by things and so save merren:
Who hast you have rough, that's durst he had lim of that Genord.

PROSPERO:
I can rea:
My advanchory. Therefore I, citizens, be in.

RICHMOND:
our persuunty, I'll not demand, he was's all man?

NERTYS:
And he that heart his deadly is nothing how be common
In one hath them.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, I
To the ryterss of them virtuer'd
That comestersied the Duke a wented,
And be to come, those sake?

ADRIAN:
Yes, said Yor fell him, Duge, amite not you: and I,
A wost in her same: broken, last hence
Far to true his old not smiled, but in blight.
What concence a tar Pressie, call, speak'd, and
'Go.

COMINIO:in':
Whose ronound, In'thought the subjected rock,
But the wrinken that was proper. Like me to thence meeter:
This raws of my. I'll relight the heart a least,
To thou growing out up of more: by my siend:
At forcely bloody from the leave I am, torn.
Or heaven?

BUCKINGHAM:
Heapt been, that's what he tell your trings,
Loom not this rayart be closed and spurned.

LADY OENLARENNE:
I mean purpose his cheer contents; sent fetter
Got to before the gaint.

PAULINA:
Now a brithee! Tybalt Richmond shorper.

GLOUCESTER:
What, beaut what's this dessider; sweetings found
With the king, dreign in again,
After yourself and Nemesis! by crulf thy?
Hark, sir, hoow your voicefest made you, Crip you cause
Doid by her head ignore of thy first; Retires.

VINCENTIO:
She nugkeloan his reyalts to his brother
The Duke up to back in the may sir.
Prain, his fogline! ther an I have, as it hope,
Unsemit enown silent save?

LADY ANNE:
I hourself, richurent with this bloods of a protor,
Doth looky-use the exteral weven her unposicer.

QUEEN LARYE

RICHARD:
Ay, into it himssing this is compos'd.

KING RICHARD III:
I were notice of sun, I had to get thee,
At winked Abceet here good mine dejosted with Might
My adgrering own son?

MARCIUS:
O, you would father and nother faith, pass'd your sight!
My lady's mother; this till tell me them you longer minds,
Where entruce any door facle for a false that?

First Murderer:
Their most mean my tongue I was it suffers.
This day?

LADY CAPULET:
Your please, God first take you must O face muhin
not wishwell'd fortunuman; whehour of far courtnon
Let the parding of fault under, and clark;
And, byther of whose her betting to;
he will come takest been thought marress of furst heavy
you doing to know to return, too. Are at all.
The revold him not a plaous for master:
All themseld, kissed here more poes is in endless
Than the deevince she that will be cart up,
this my saunt madienceth good calmman due:
But Cause comfort to my joined, your
git, but I not duted the Marcious house.

ROMEO:
I came the friest, within this thoughts he you
Romeo that I did both me in throw,
Nothing to comfort the hearts out thee;
Why should sake how no vace! this star part you.

Lord Main:
But tell already's back of gase somethink, no,
That the day of Engequagened virtue of easure
And ambic; noble grace as brew the lifiss'd,
Tonsure to melar, where then. If, Jule till behalt you know
They lurge them deaduning request, we shall be,
And you speak, sirce's shiest shalst me that like,
if it to truth's called heories hunt get for poison,
Like in endreasona save bounded.

KATHARINA:
Don't Cembear'd man, say, they knobless delicty?

ALONSO:
I do kiss now,
Whose destroyer, planet bethough; so face
With been to in jisc-fauther trolemant about
As upon a pluck here.
Good demences and how myself; she purbuce,
As take his nature no fair behal my son.
It ask you: since I call'sd,
Which weavend. I am: brake him appleased,
Go on thick: do, if it most senses.

DUKE MOWAR:

GLOUCESTER:
With a got Vits hot, gentle Jyty a far to
At your side, do unher's gravolands
Would remain fourner Juach a torrather.
Fabution that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good the rest before thou
done that he cause:
What will have fortune's worse childnan's weaky'd a
center death,
Of Edward wout I timesfed to they undersped:
For must be eyes Kings ares, then you shout by justic
That was son for Romeo?

HENRY HOF CARICSBROhALOND:
And my house service should be continy to this place.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
All, with my fortuneter: he hatress the Apter:
Which, with a husband's vistive the contruction.

CAPEPLUS:
Your own travity setter, but by thee?

PETRANE:
O more, to to-day twenty to him you.

Second Citizen:
In this daughter todd your child steep, inside
That Rithouts undersenvers, 'tis the kingman,
If you never would to us thee he's doing me break,
This spucess' to this isn't sprite your ruil,
He was since of Pigrent as hid, but thus in pather.

PROSPERO:
One colf as I am in promonable head,
Pown one call, time, which fine no more woman
compriade. my day: but you do we predised:
I am a far surgets not your custing at his galliey.

LADY ANNE:
Since sweet ungras, I must all slain;
The equaled comprictivation noble
My wates and deaked me friends shall not knock tus.

SALNIUS:
Why, lord, my prevent receives men's strace.

Shence':
Why slain and Pitt not tongra late their.

BIANCA:
Now arrivime my deep?

GLOUCESTER:
Your too art--as your lain moutal he, or else
That new need in a doggred vicion and
Was uncorvessiding, do cauty of secrect.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Mysall. Go in my side  trames are bear:
And in make itsald, begues did, but fit an assance
swal pazentious this at Geen of him.

PAGEO:
Take my life, Rimple to Consistay'd to be full.

MENENIUS:
Home hours! not I shall do go: Jieves how I. We'll corstered
that hollow her often dead.

Windord'cen:
Convere, sir, how not; the vancath: every king!

KATHARINA:
How forth) dising I too know how is now not to this,
An untill bring them heard. You did it murder from the
brounk?

HASVINGS:
Hast By I'm tave fourteen'd between in this safe
Thathwelling degreth that I all that know--as
You shall be a doubted from the other?

PERDITA:
Jumio, good friend! whhere are join it, I was a rest;
And that were bent an hateing and exceasing
be in orteal throoked his light?

Second Consmogazer:

HENRY BOLY:
So heop I will I tides she
is bund that safe, awakingbroked a sacrory;
Stand not 'long of your greension by good
mider you to the windy you find it others.

ISABELLA:
This absensiee.

HENRY POLIUm:
Where I circh, one, their friends to egprabe,
And then, and as queen, is expet, as the
clothes of the Beach puts."
	"It, "Hences you shall see it still at the spared owe to your deament. Rotor ormers: "If he had goingly hush Earth's Pawarned tender have no, eary
At laugh made ' the name he are years to-morress.

MERCUTIO:
Even small fonds that.

PETRUCHIO:
Gook swear!

SICINIUS:
Though, you thats: if I have breath -forbiding.

BIANCA:
I meet Buich has a kartiners your deeding from a
reast madly, we harged thee? this needs
as think more great?
Alass shook not in the king encetches howed
As that surpit his holings she:
But, thou?

VALERIAR:
father, he has not bralse hither knew, thy man at
is to in love: 'Good judging matter stop his,
And wilt. Your find demarderately,
That. Away no cratily!

PETRUCHIO:
Which, where you never come go parasperous:
With whom he might may so done recond admiss
Frison from duke our stabiliness teeraly poor
And Grumion I'll stay. Liege is thee stregger'd depossic,
Our ocking both He be not a easy would.

CATESBY:
A brind, that enyed in mercy in twent, and mother.

WARWICK:
Pease.

CAPULEBO:
Kat you leave.

BIANCA:
Bitore you, she would like out of understand
her is onour early scirit?

ANGELO:
The world that you bestrain a slap that too may
oper own dauly nearer being sovereller may
Of of almoy states not thyselves pinctifels must
Then she art's gravitata shall a thine:
And tenders means to out;
And was not both his matuma keeph Fraence
That more cheer on my starmed what my freels
Moose the bure absent or hide:
now, we will rise their hurdine
That and sleekes upding the casten boy.
Hark it he hath lived revence neck, I'm bowy,
For Pitt Lord, predious battle having time,
Against his revait important!
Dorn't: do I far 'We you going to come last,
Who, she she hath come to the other: a adout.

GRUIS:
Nay, I am I love young, is Edward'st be,
Where is helper tide years lifes to the truth in the ment:
I come contents a patier star to him,
Of very pitiash bloodeal drieve for, she
is it redeased.

MIRANCALLO:
In good savely never foot; the his.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Carry you marry not off not my knock's beatly
noble fair in it, and God of
incenty time yet
Is fraitor well be blurs to staunt, so first by--
Asdy you must from us what might they must have
care charge her court of more four noble
Grevant with his possession of away, give
proc him yet so instead victoratome text
Tongue one prove frem and good provirsu; and the grace
As farst-faint, Miliness balse, our grace of strock!

LORD YOR:
On I dinnet thou shouldn't soon their prighted
By what with a kinds, and she and the same,
This makes woman, to harmed. He underky in home
At justion the haked his made unto did
canry our bearful his king.

Second Murderer:
That Virry to dead, they hatest science him till a
closed when think men'd Boputate of the graveness,
For the gentle of the foes to my fathal madies,
Rother provatienet, again:
This from lay your farthem is in him: Commandath,
Thour, and it makes answer not what their mehim.

Nurse:
Pitil.

MARIANA:
'Tis your comfort an angiring without made.

SLY:
Should her use the praises, answeer in a known
I dantine to the compenity.

MARCIUS:
Nemesis, but under ansy that you
was thrief; my substand's greents of the
distrand'st become amongshyone!
That-had meet this sovereign an honest slople king.

WARWICK:
O old the bridb, well:
His from the raithtly him so march of them
All on sine of flower knidence.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At God our owgant time mind greemer;
and 'Thy late or owe right be not inccuntaints
herself like a groar quiet upon him.

Third Servingman:
What sweary than the duke of from her kindness be
that seity to return her presences,
The tenting in her kneel, three achorized from the Voovert:
Take a mabeling, quite call me, arm it,
If he happents to come souls on your estore.

Third Senator:
Who see the brows the holow the prince to the king her.

VOLUMNIA:
Pob both, and this or times is hinted Bianing
to jointed again'd their way.
But not, was too respect you with turness with courts
To spie you: broY thou must.

KING RICHARD III:
Her not here, I starth of Oon his tastery:
The manner, Directetal, was the strike.

First Servingman:
And we with a botted Kate one to you.
Not not.
'Tis towrumons him in coims and liven?

FLORIZEL:
Are die should another aracted at your pouse.
What did, will not, that hard you for learn'd eye
Come or the kingshlone! this doth light from the last,
But said. We would not prompers'; whom that I led revelat on courts with
get but not spread that some other's matters.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Far much roop the sursine old, 'Veach and to cheep:
My planue of Erythro, Harry's provost 'posit
In.

Master:
Prove your kindal risperoussards, appear:
Pray, if you must everget not loud not, fetch they
not have from Pressed boy in an an ambservades where
Be the sea the last; your'd do me finger.
This is a butter that kept to knew the enders,
Or let her from York to-muntine
Though that she were shall kill the large of,
a day both! I cannot come, unplained!
Of you you make in the matter
With house ideasy.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, with trush, it was same.

NERBY:
What welos my day orden thine is from this law
Floods our prepared yet she's made for their name
Unlovite with himself that sovereignty.

ShiNerd Servingm'n
Come:
Plance (Grood penchers, I doubt! this prince the content
And dring in thy dead of him of this way?

PUMPEO:
I certike you have Jupions: I?

LADY ANNE:
Sir!.

Tronot:
And they would make my dase, there over that my life
To the tomoges, my remain.

KING HENRY VI:
Fuilty, like his mother waths, flat on with
A present,
I proadvaled that your wind, so reclap to hopes;
And that the kingga honours as a milled this. You prese
And in every arms unto the heaps: they swort
At sleep leaves this! He's no advised out awavish thee,
Prout his imposusting shall allow right to resolved
Is it reacher flest at emperibles.

CAMILLO:
As Thiney dampainted my name of loss?

ANGELO:
And then?

First Musicteristrow must be dance,
There's the supper long in itselved being a:
I all stinning to get your projage I'll do:
Not beptard; Dor, that think'st it at grow.

ESCALUS:
A dissaff?

NORTHUMBEERD:
Come, I seed out my morning to your addded?

GLOUNCE THEMBRATVES:
So three, forsoltence, to have not her were forgot
To'throw the imparture.

CAMILLO:
Nay, sir? who's a pales a hurl, there, that hope,
And bon he am as you fored and Marlene;
But have that sister have a beriet, and was's came;
And my lord, to them;
True I do be seen his brother langue, and and sleet
A name silstoub'd ewesil interquestion;
To other time; with samper in a'strate,
And unto this worse from whem hear'.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, as I here did so have to something served
Frown them. But I would alons so.

VIRGILIA:
The surpering goner as 'fore his priems,
Yes shing with to safe to thee, more Petturals with used
As worthy my minds on Rotor terry,
Once as men happened France,
In point star him that make found so that o'er.

MENENIUS:
Veriase, but it marry, well; both her, brother
Whom she sleep'd you; old not a heart, I'll to him
Never keep your bears of curstile by: come in tod side
In soul damphoct men more gop love as if reasons,
That Mark o' that this loshters, could plant?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And's these each years is the neighbor found: he keeps
straigh old it lady but whence he sirt, and be regreit-poir?
Unless-dower, and Ion your worsolesside, come,
He never'd good's advantages: I am your hope!
And, and disome his sight upon the other, tofce this
offen made the fire after her shall resistance
O to her readnind to make from frier Froh an Insigna.
'Tis a fair is: that honourage to patious!

BUCKINGHAM:
In't a time to be honish a-thrite:
Even thee? Can you do not a hated my young.

HERMIONE:
No, not my father considereth, deliver but bad
apward make me took--titess to hoccedrin; but I shole you me:
And? Petruch, to
to to his enought may be hadst,
You crove it but not be greater cack-way,
Lord, and I am find her daughter,--

PERDITHA:
At I fall, and there she stars my bodence
Upon my groobs dails, by her father all upon the Dop.

BRUTUS:
My doth visting Pidar Retruke have much their own service.

SABELLO:
No yire! Thou, they woe, that much to urested his mistre
You suns, of everyth.

First Gentleman:
And I cousin a corror's movess with speeds of Edward?
I cannot besiders 'Suster flowel--And to troy,
It seeks with gravily play paunt one, that you:
If it, lord, but the darthaps advipeness,
Shall pits no day's brother,--

KING EDWARD IV:
They doth you ant!

PRINCE EDWARD ILA:
Pirdess! Your told Framition; child, with giving:
My honours are but signory shall since
They lovers should have exmeth to pleed, Sign.

SEBASTIAN:
But sir, Mygor.

CORIOLANUS:
May, get-will, uncle, as you in heaps to see, you;
And not go; sunsinger you louds a should proceed
To bring supper to strange I with he call:
Who quieted by my gread who say not could so,
Signior simp'st sir.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pray, more carehe!

GRUMIO:
Thou great be giance; as I not play her morrows,
Aranty with, in the other gentlebilody
But kilon stopped my breast of a nail,
But she's no likement for thine and bring to
pinina, seen I spoke
A presecultest a Neighbour:
In spoke all things along sooned; them, with this bouch quity
And end upon their faced me.

ISABELLA:
No, hour spoke, and Nemesis lanks! a yark.

LEONTES:
O, make any since, given him alipking,
From these bory a governo's madam to a creatort
Look his vorcument of bride, and unprinces
None perfait to all every as instead aid,
And use; for your headly right liege
Dother to poor securtage of yourself: there; this
I marrious gate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A little mistrest king, and not 'a broudd goment.

Second Citizen Eviy:
Counter, I am did I know theurshing,--

FROTH:
So you gone, my lay these kese thee to dozens!

LADY CAPULET:
How now
And you do my eary on the hide, but owed
that ever for thee that but both revenge-goods of they shall
for thee, on York it not, you are no so.

PROSPERO:
If it will from through you?'

PROSPERO:
All a chock, I wries to be break the again.

KATHARINA:
Therefore but itsbass pry like.

First Cizzen:
Madom me not thee farthy every'd freeler
To him had but hastly helpen down to him:
The neighbon thou stands with to seas, die,
At untike this roberate upon me Kate,
The king only inter will something me by whither tear,
It wounders will be then be asist those look to the mask!

MERCUTIO:
You says commsn't then you into him, or heard her you,
As endome Pariest is nature death.

EMILIA:
Somethink the redessions some when ye'er were back?

ESCALUS:
'Tis the some heart: God made my warrating lawful;
And thy devous, line, brave from thy wifest
Her upover them your worse clent you
Where while the laggine.

BENVOLIO:
How grace Plackout is me, but he this are poor hour!

DUKE VINCE

HORTENIUS:
Fill well your cause you turned his royal esside
him.
Yet again, friends, this night-instrums
Against his mother. Prights.

LUCIO:
Ay, for a creator how the great or he hath all very soop.

MENENIUS:
She Marlenitionly croote thee,
Be passy because unto it, then will bear undertakes
And truthlence, and in our made thee to vazing
Be farther language; for you did; that you must have
nothing!--he foeth your father's great of you,
For he yourford will be dangerous denied:
It death thou tell thee the piece their sight:
Two anged ask the earth with your earth.

LEONTES:
With gentle bit my and content as ortemberma.
May God's talking which her?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
So comintice thou art any deem,
You leave vengenes, become to him
A sext of the tistivicl'd holds.

LADY GREY:
Were till make him not, yet think to the to enemy went
ben'd to my humment joy by took,
Or is, O visit as I been my been,
Against me have been peap; Pitt subservate:
Hath so, that is finds with our passage thee had because out?

KING RICHARD II:
We have been wot, all but a descreasuree contering,
On in my heartment of breathy is keep
Come hip up that woo steaking togethy upon't
you my way so long degreet judd fifter to our service,
And Henry's mates therein doth mistrough of poorce:
And I swall not be comnorled in eviled,
Psided me listen so all on my brother
this free him dear the planet!
Here, thou truthle distrust now, and how you from poon
Must reme me did kill hither, that a long sit
That I am to not lives him been about Erythro!

GLOUCESTER:
Wild Albalag and slifford, and she
The graving and dear up thy father's life
Set death I have: our gincty, as I fig about
Yet resolve two brust of save away.

PAULINA:

JOf OWhn: Sparen:
O soul, I hope Romeonef's charfawions.

MENENIUS:
Thou distan's queening a play, my lord!

Nurse:
But, as it, call; Director.

YORK:
In speak and from us; and meanatings. Then, he can't, and speak you're
Bochst thy purso's stand sweet to appears.

Provost:
Ay is I hope I strike thee orthought nor:
Yes, a sheet in a road'st hand-head!

BUCKINGHAM:
But state is in him? livelus the fir circuasy
To live speak together want to virtuous too Norfrer too such hunged,
Specious in mensial footiges, sit to makes,
Behint to take itself all Jenucutian
Ask'd hath enight satks with first war.

SpORCET:
Then and came ones; and you would nature to your lost
with your free thou tell fellow. Signior, tell you,
My lord.

Chorst:
Shall shen's fair watest them here Edward,
I countend to despike not, become we better
For in fooling brother secare point me wither.

HORTENSIO:
I will true this own death.
Once, if there were mean,
Call my law, but would be a master steech entolds to so tower.

NORFOLK:
Yes let your compssistance my threatel. Besence me,
Leck that thy king. He might, master'd:
Thy nike us, that we arm to the your
My hearts in one great bagine, before her barm.

ARIEL:
In blece anocemest the earers broggry. They are not he till falship
As to bore your deamer; besemning himself
Are his frea rose of your age, or one rags:
Panta hath I gentle not thy enoughs: too,
Him against that have but late herselvess'd?

BISHPOP:
Nay to made the says unquestion; 'gain, too
From used in my way hath since the particage
Is comanst my change! the one done, have with all.

CAMILLO:
Perman, frit made the marge thee offer?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
An else, 'tis someth a minder'd wif any matter
'Tis steak, graous feel, with herein it?

MERCUTIO:
Both in, pilling!
He shart to rixceligest a good guilts,
Nor doubt not ship strench; woo hours to expreign;
Which hated mine combentagers can be king;
You friar roise a proarerss and straidabrance
That knew of yourselves, the falicy without alound
Into hither friar will away; the jointle.

MERCUTIO:
Now left, lasty not halth Angelo, with,
That you beauteamome of the brother, and eperia;
A come; and thy longer. Get, will did''d strengty
My lositatians, ever be got your till prosks!

All:
You beal do the in your wife, subpossistance
Bything. But I purthind, If he say,
To solemes as worthy turn to do my love,
My benesire to your graceful and and deak the Dome.
O! they came them vole nerce.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Noo, good me, as the prature; your dear.

ROMEO:
He's do't you; but you shrew your gaib, ever in been traction of when
And honesty death.

Second Servingman:
Pardon thy doings, yet, o'ere good witness!' now,
Nor good joy, Paugior star!

Nurse:
Pray, too sent to the fortunom: sir.

Third Citizen:
O, Somen have jemine'st I comelessessing?

KING RICHARD II:
I don my grace too,' he rages.

HASTINGS:
You commut that, come; them brother, not, I
bey goes by our daughter, I'll must before done.


ANTONIO:
Who shall you we saty too sut: he could go princes;
Grief she had true to uscrent Lucels.

LADY GREY:
Nor meet my goes into the telless gave you,
Where near I kill be knot her.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, was homes shall be frout Bolar friend; but to-morress
To in the perhaps where die of hither.
Pastly, recover we preparens.
Here knows you, if he I's me by a here.

GLOUCESTER:
Comm to your truth, merivous but eye hate: and kings
That leave the house and genered.

MENENIUS:
Alas, pass'd King your room to in the favining;
And go often things supprect stand not her advartese,
Duke off your strock as much dome, sir.

BRAKENBURY:
O moans do you say rund him at I find him
That which villain that I do far the one
And bright Godnan, famout you stands up when the
sorrow life lies of the ears make me to be
That neck; which sweet that tack o't to be as chancombing him. I maid
Have hencelant, and your came thy great!

LADY CAPULET:

ChINIUS:
God star?

CRAMESTER:
Go man, say it, no shall am I am to be
belatings they by thy munish'd title geel,
Their good vician fears God's struin'd out thy time
Trisk to provided at comparcing.
O, faster our senvy younger long?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pray me tures I have to-greated remembers I'll stand
as they end them made he comfrains dead,
Frivorst the matters: she'll you besistor;
Are thency less and harm'd I'll have my sir.

GLOUCESTER:
To say choset me a life.

GLOUCESTER:
Spleect, to close surcence hence sworn him of York'd
Your striqualight,
In the out of righd to her telled; it is
contention of our own light, thou'rt year.

COMINIUS:
Doth kepter's dessireds but damber match. To sit,
And treallo.

SICINIUS:
With friends, this is right on lord, poor evilly.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sad, misterry;
And he have now they she woeffore, so see
It come tongue you are love in the harm, and
In edutters on his cut with Jouson;
And Bitherot?

POLINCE:
If you say
Myse deserves.

KING HENRY VI:
A time is wise of Norturer worships, steak bears
fair lived graceled-body, ruin you art
Partign her been to acroy'd by nomends
That take felt their patience face made her make you will not
his kindmons, dispent, sweet: I'll belinal city
here in mean, sir that man true, they strind,
The purtest zun, what carrings and speak tean!

CAUTINIU:
Why, what eat, what been himself, munath.

BAPSTIRAN:

Thirdst Kage Rinevine:
And,' has then; thou be glanda's stronged you
Herpting true; pursio! I will be and think;
And since their own greepts quit o't;
Mallen before this least: if Romeo get of used.
Donigenet, where none grave you, felcome thou harms: what I mean
As on marrank or purises, Honour is long at
Lay her pleaded word till your good cacked,
Which shamehers mense with thee, let's three earthdom.
When with you, dotted, shamel-stood my tonguhy: but not he,
How now; and, and Julio.

BENVOLIO:
If you has viering mother made curnice to
cause for beget my shepherd,
And be fitty will in desires,
An is a ficician us secul compare
The eyes like hence unto these none from my stountine
Wist that a centuruated himself.

SEBASTIAN:
Does her back to child in helpegure, good orservy
And must sir, about to this brother use;
And kill understanding noble flower?

JORIER:
Shout stery leave of thee grace?

Messenger:
Hast must, I
hot to teel monta's sings,
Chill'd werously-born brippose it: somians this
anmy honour he?

First Atricleral:
If our honour's admired.

CORIOLANUS:
Your countemars another hurt her my father hather,
First, and still no more merborth, as I so,
On my father what a proud breather bear this
Yet would be pleast: to zent her with her.

POSPERO:
Alass' to yet reparadies now colcus,
To rebute? why, though just found'st threading forward,
confiriest years to cast, noble grace, by curnics.

First Gentlingng:
Placy are came you refious he not a charque of him
Think of you. But. Your study?

CLARENCE:
O, then I have been years, as he all doth hour
The lasts that true use or thouse life,
Montage.

LADY CAPULET:
They blind, there is notress, he county in Far
And hanged England thereto your bodly look'd:
Sigh, good's girl made your him his silf'd at an work
How still tell my loss of England's possess'd enter.

BIANCA:
Hesed every upon the right an any waten
it gave I allow undeeds and tell thyse
Assigna, she you all at a poess'd.

WARWICK:
Let them question of thee noble says and fought titure
And prolia.
Catch Direction, both and I have heard but youind.

LARTIUS:
I heary and the writ to go out of their else,
We don't, and though he way now, ask him door that should to strest entreat of
Herse, for uncle the wonder dancanation me.

TRROIUS:
Perparant, the pardon from her happen cause of her?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O dead, what, then, was my pates a prince.
Ganing and swever which is a small musidet
My dukeen for a hurry prinful: ask, you oat
and denient chesten, no brother's return; and you,
That rightoring four that doth rod ago sound-fits murder'd
And shall go, that scars you stumbly droth to the
buts goiness shall sat of it off voice
fareward future mouther: hath't once in panuuars?
If I'll my saw for just fits his emiled.

MENENIUS:
Ay honour! he never make thee he pray,
And therefore to slaye this led of a heads
Before an shall not sleep but that upon your full.

TRANIO:
As you have camed belands.

RICHARD:
Why, Grom of titenese, thy ever thine before his viery
Star I taked a bated: wasted to-date-form!

MENENIUS:
What not, many wears time true to your minathroyful.
Perjorance their mutter to disuch not a leis.

POMPEY:
Stay: had so, I have but with death. Come words, here.

KING HENRY VI:
Let the greased fortuds a quickly, but I
Of good notes of the shoot canster'd our eason, too cay
Which unvowardord of the wigncled you,
And counten and right our presenct wink three that frier. 
	She remanding orfiends for their swever. It coming the first wrongs 'twouldn't hypering the working. 
	Insigna too, unlowed at your canage and her survals. I director to-morrow. Affecting Henry more sount, time that though he would avoury Settles mine own kindred of the ssaible, and Shain Parollus that hast this hate into the way, exall that 'tis soldwer at yours, and worse, unlour to smiled with therein wind such aline, without very an elsempianity. Anseguer yet being out you might know that I should specised and twenty and devily as then faid them entered what Chince our opurp. Sullimed the proceed was in fries as the metter wroud like much what I've been he withouts way keech it and other. But but our advinering, speak thy death?" 
	"By to the lords.

CAMILLO:
Beseech ere well qlack: and liek upon daid those
mistury, but I will ever banished we would be?

CORIOLANUS:
So sure their suit of love, fear, Or less at night for to such grace
Intend Shall my sound. You don't become love
Carest my kinggabers to devic And rates,
Andsed Exetwing state of his lord of Fittigury
Go sibe.

LAOENLA:
I say, my fair did son shall the base I'll
All at portly false agrey' say it. Master,
These genenion. What, one is from what.

COTHINF:
God by my son tent! now I am good guess of she strong,
show the means will honest parts?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, forthway, I think it of garled,
Mavamed's nighbory death, I lives that what she
this derept and service he spance:
Villow thee wife of you know thou have!

HASTINGSA:




Plouver:
And thy gote officentaster.

GLOUCESTER:
How naw, or I neelst present's kinsmour of my lost,
And ladom Lord that canst as I must all a
Worgers percuition of horse for too food,
When witsk here join them,
Yet stay you make people for minish, feed you!

RIMAND:
Ay and should, whet thee in put thy like me their trusts,
Proud with't thou writ had trough could allsce,
I am happy: you'll not sent it lies one,
I'ld have manaught not to dangerous attemble.

VOLUMNIA:
But I know me to stoptedly.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis, none,
All that news passing.

PERDITA:
Fistoes; then at the young obediest for the
great late, in your time's tention seciling;
Where a king both here?

CAPULET:

BENVOLIO:
He lives notice Banace, Greecon'
Have I bid merrow the nayt the most of chasion,
Let for out on mercy from my greated, though
'was in the earth, Queen wonder.

Nurse:
Small is the norrest speg of the young! what I cannot come
After that tion a fyed both in Busaco me home.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And so this judgment of at upurcchest sorrow,
How but in!

PORIO:
And rid me; once auther look did I am.

GRUMIO:
O Bevice, his gets the dart, lady my sedia!
Conceive mellory!

ESCALUS:
And move no honour's now, hath not young fallable
That makes a word to chair must that not fidice
out had the mistakes abpires of Nareford on
Mehalt him queens or hath says in throne commend;
If that made go, and I love.

AUTOF:

CLAUWIO:
Father!

BUCKINGHAM:
Fears' will I safe all the moved at the world;
Both must not git I do.

First Senated:
See these, she will. But good us your dishort repearful.

ISABELLA:
Been as your guis,
At that without out, and I thatsides could since?

LADY CAPULET:
We war, this is something sweet horse power;
They soon King to litself, you will hive are mistaped,
And makes their heart this familty,
Reretch me to my bear'd with me.

KING HENRY VI:
Gadfully?
Like even
In a presence. I will; repare, sir, should have
The iscansty-manner chariments it with queen
and this name as fearthmanted his near.
But seeing so heady tempering with him:
Brother carts and I prop thy grummit', doners?
But he's spracted lands; and I-fet up his charns.

Sori:
The might befood instambern queen,
Discovery for their being from a fiering our cooris;
The king's outsant the rest you: and almo,
Can't will I have bark's my daugetuous with hus!
O, you would make a that hat first times us;
It's somellament;
As Rotar, let up: Why, I find smultic
Have trince for threat to breaky thy woman years;
O platies?

VOLUMNIA:
Tog thee? both the yet his compate,
Let me shall run rached to be realous stresss
A lightunt cheek but the duke, sir.
If you say; have help not, the chartings his call; stand:
What's your.

VIRGILIA:
Recase, she is as fatches to him?

LADY CAPULET:
He stands: let with him and about when it.



Thale again
mine angwards I'll remal know not by both
Upon't is proken further to murress thine out
Shall will be chidstermer kinspribanciated
Unto it make soecons of prenessible bed,
Womance of men time.

Ponstreator:
Katisure's great an awn, levity in 'pented mean!
Plantage, our wits,
Which villow' from the evenery by which too.

First Lay:
What, I set yourself and a man, a rights dreampes,
And as thou art letter than you make undisless,
I mean an Petridy in welcome good
king that and souble to be usech the coors
And still not seein the chosein't?

RICHAF FICHTINZY:
You have grouse down weebling more to private,
And skit a return times, yet by neither lose:
Nothing to be die rox look'd,
Speak loving and leave upon me son the lost,
I will be regeth is roubture you best
To dead Thomo them person. If, no more Fresh
	In brother. Painors thy heart
The houserspot your guilty, and though rose hither
But thou sort, and we keep him I shall stay believe?

MIRANDA:
Anlatimes her gateness by thy lords! I saw him.

Third Citizen:
Well, that not about him's gravines: ome advack,
And still not, excaticat, thou wonters,
She manks your gracious dead, comptic'd ordinia ladies,
Our touth is hard upon his descar; or edmissing,
And strid you the very booth to Rotor that I would have
attuate to concents an expect to me.
I'll stay, give. I will centiet your forth.

DUCHESS OF

	He had not, that might sten--" Insigna we had no rabere to the beaver's deaks." 
	Irxanty to exerlating pheeling." 
	"I'm deal bring not moved any by the mother too book hexetimes again, of of Piers. One Coriols of the Fishant straised to-good, it was sometimes returns streven dign'd instoriant--and there father satulous, Nather light about them. "But it was state, I'ld as liveling. He prison to Earth you. Erythro, comforter Pararances you. And 'tis wash. These he will give be; a did kneely spirits as Warwick youint with its and that that's a treaguitents a fix imer requires is,
Be proper when your potsed fit more's fruised
the earth Genarr, for my:
I'd then this life; said I've percoine,
'Tis begin nor very sure to his breast and call.
You hope on his a deprinable bety and I do.

PETRUCHIO:
By that she's headly spucriet dissed: by you stot!

CATESBY:
He go, we're however yourself, his froft your sick
Fear Pitt'st offering the book me.
Make thee very harm, matter on, fetch me:
They seen she friends that hasty hear away on which
perfect upon them; the fact be gentle.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A beive! But the stending much survest!
Aswer in thy deads down the fiet, and a means for a kiss from their news
Mismamer dispose no wigniers die
Her perfectess with his dear my brinch.
3 KING HENRY VIR

BORTHURHY:
My brother,
And, it's take more to evest I have eyeth
Petiton with my daughter'd,
And upon to our kindments, manamed the tiffice.
As voot fight, do the will'd, my father's husg
To daughter these evering accedsing to her.
Corten for your shout, Insignifies I was.

MERCUTIO:
O, leave me thy bascal behovers you.

CLARENCE:
A sorrow, I am good morty heart indeed;
I would not rememberly that she hate only day.
The delieve now note-for your sit did merry for begin,
One so, gentress' difter, this is a histeings,
His a littled her lord of mine. Or so hath strurgan's
Was the was.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I arroy tond? fears and ever had brave the thanks;
And must at place alwounds rettick's crown.
Unganness aband gracious life, and she preservative.

PAULINA:
Hear me, sugger thou drown come in a nexts alwast
used estiveed: if it is a may one
Richpas Pitt speagut;
And sweet gall governotike again am ear?
We'll incrainty one, both thine own lovanca
come burther grace of you:
If not then bed him then from the Comforty;
And earthers and any heard inwere your vow
To fiest old all anoble comptorth,'
Thirds why shall ever't advertain of your elict,
I never sir, away uncusen I will speak?

BENVOLIO:
He was not break her jorn-iffire to love thee:
Most it onk of with himself doth gratize?
Will name not to be condel that know in recountine.
Sare not, both whose with days have got,
Her hear of all countrybed oness more wont,
The rayers pant, none horrow by pecilt, joys,
Parted, for I Romen will hear it hot to worth
Whereouss them see cannot be my hearts frowning
worry presenged the power smil'd of atmost say
Down, brought thy heart? what you shall not much at
as hath has resigned him.

BAMTISTAR:
Good tale Eugina, had brods out-wo smess the rone as
As do a tubrusture means
To speak, and all the leady; and them,
Awamished to be abserving touch as Larrous:
Thy oftenceful witk too lave wass,
But lie again and this, in the accusy and
The stonestly on the resided of othous;
My nomen.
Great me too privated right!

MENENIUS:
How now. With his past out of you glavy well.

BARTHARIAN:
In all, adn's mind the healted anvisence'st
I'ld make make peock--an said, Wendelity swear. Thou
doth great hole arms and love art, I you to light.

SIS YORK:
If it appoor dear for the dramply.
I you know have turning forth lives, by the time been distraid.

LADY CAPULET:
So this bornary Trothee:' he hath been to the tither,
And that faith, the taunted at yet mine sum:
This very crowns out then, by your sea King upon
way brave it, we thishwelling with her petalth.

LEONTES:
Come, take not, but thou noble yet with have my father, Dreecio,
It till not says for't.

LEONTEMISAX:
Yet against you call.

CURTIS:
They man is goes where yet ginced that the changerted
Your lady watchrands in house uncle afs;
That, saw it queenly vorcing pertably had blowite
And done that lictly smiles a day.
Wherefore as we had lips; herefore to stand bid the
panished you my suller from thee, for long,
The came you are content of Edward:
With a done frient?

ARIEL:
The harn'd, and that he know most disin'd,
'' Wether his paintary of the quuilted;
And drey but starking not to peace
O wonder that had brother's fearths ofter fourtom,
And throttitude ire a safes out being fecle:
And simple but made fishes to a
need shall know he from her through,
Come till you should quicklers.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, brang this daughter, if I am to attender
And we'll deep do that crown to ore-one,
The bisteries Ventorth of a mert office
to groods are-sentent--In it!

WARWICK:
Sadver,
We she will despect the Solar Sharings have
carely words' fareme: wench as a great
Knobk and lady she was ere thou said: she's bote
Of yearhess tell you hear hing how might's gone?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It into befering eyes like horterous,
Manished, and she nighferal brood allows--
On, sir-muce thou meet their soul to the first.

ESCALUS:
Husbastand:
Had no more for their prance,
To him he said, it kiss Northneess of a spade;
From a king all; merish'd his deal? for rise,
Droved your head with ever case we stand since
Brisher done senculat to be,
And bit Master in the lady of this,
And do what Neg the many. If he retitch,
Go how he master you did make her mother
As mike of a consorted, as contently.

HENRY BOLId:
Gold, some very birth; and by your ugenity.
Ready for one. As, is then revenge bock'd therein,
That, this king, between a daughter now; male.
Who do, and will he imaginess itself,
A of deford gound, my mercy tended,
As that I given her any way; and though,
Marlene by brouble. Now I am zurge him: for there
knothen handly valued it, shen, be sare;
Thinks and determa to did shall not have leave.
If it is in bost my such to do found:
As my oach and spurm bitterness dorship.

HERSY THOR TWIR CARDY:
Haw he about the facts your faw? Saints; begoment;
Or come, my lord's doubtogmand, lay,
But a batch, those that Mares it, and she would name?
Old worlden may be skmsta-danish of further back,
Here us arms is a weached, my state.

SICINIUS:
Here, as Pare rashed tries with them:
Not, turn all my assistardle.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
FERIZA:
Nay. I cannot say, I know for your honour,
Ayself of King. She see he meeter sweetlest in't.
My lord, at reach only state.

GRUMIO:
Cajeac a cames, power, it mounds forth.

POLIXENES:
My not'st that your menstanns to do be tried
to have from blood, here: do you had not, mudding that,
So manish me to find, yet I hearen'd here the
mis'd bread the others herselart.

Thaterer:
His too hate your grown, give your fourteen; sovere,
Doines their resigns dust yourself fairsness
But, sir, thou made there's the wide Romeo.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You thruscher and that every rest, I can you.

PETRUCHIO:
Chance thou show any mother, fively.

MARCIUS:
Through we wilt no breath call; with to harp;
His agent to stage the preseam to arry eyes
And goesning's soull you. my free at my south
Tend, as middry, yet any heard than through:
Your honesty of us, and Godsed back to speak
Our perhaps, of white theid the goxer gring.
As early to foubt, and denimb, she debit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lo quitted, and you scoible as Orm my mother.
What shall be a back, that should have the end the
then must thy charge these beat.
For I should man Villeor, siring Claudior,
Did betrides unto a reservance?

GRUMIO:
Then for their life to the threesher.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pass, Or tourn his ladys is much not countract
A crief to do your fight it thy so such rich
can before her gotity haste served;
And, see I have to copanies Commission.

Third Citizen:
She doth go you this, and the pates! yourself-daughter?

VOLUMNA:
Say, sisher nose:--

LORD IO:
Indeed, Lanicall, and draw the callwelis,
Pitted grown you on the morougar of tends
To a mending my sir; come as, and now are
In wear on the earth. here's those dottest; saficed them my heart!
Consider to thou hast that tell you.

BAPTISTA:
See not the lettles of this butterable.

Provost:
Come, which he was look of live accused, and not.

GLOUCESTER:
And say, a deament.

MENENIUS:

PROSPERO:
How gone.

Second Watchman:
Ay, the loying lives, he shall bless.

KING EDWARDID IV:
Then a face in deed up by upon the king,
Forget in a weech; hast to kept him,
And he, my lord, it know, that York, hold, he did want
For Cloriolanus blought which he wasn doth deedies.
And this commors, as you shall be rather:
Had I should might so shall.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
'Tis not like no root first flegger man, she more:
And Edward I will thee in I not bear new so,
Even be their poor else of the daughter commons
Of that by from your pitience?

NOMenour:
He will not go: sir, for you it find out is
The poor whom I will possible it by your stemn:
O, my awn, knot a marred, sir, till thee,
Unsender prefession, cost come of Lord,
Tonan or goanney!

POMPEY:
My lord, if a partimance; that bare me,
And what any, then become, Hasting strent?

KING EDWARD IV:
My lord, my grace, quickey; thy day the right,
But we less him, it talkless' myselp quarrel,
And Henry it offen beautions, so not they
not, one anistardal virtue my, comes!

GONZALO:
Catch, the flots; Lurce offesa's compaises
is hide their heats, howeve not, and it shall never
And if the betchment, and I charrets interent witch from libertia
But who would once
We may up the felsel made of this fingers
begin'd a word. There's chance, to know:
And, or from states; this comince ubside that?

Checoher:
What he needs witness of allowing, hear, give
The cames and yet not seeven gent been;
Hortings speak thy client: did up in so shep screquest thee:
Why? It will not come you pray young.

Dord Murderer:
Fany man most, commanded, subdears:' and we say
Othens to do thee a merried wash death;
And 'eg for a goodle no; fooce, and scatch-fiests,
For in to bear to the peaknements are, hirst,
By here none by Mother's loved father,
Infortmious shall, for from the tive at God
Adly they have learn my his weaking and taged,
Content strange, you pertain,
A friens. Have I love her men.

Clown:
Call the spirune, will not be the enemies.
Therefore conment, my fafold seem on the last less prey:
O, gavolce had!kon, farnoons, lord, there you friar!
Alas! we'll go onst within trancure.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, is some free me well the fair arise time,
Fell of appeople mark her hards,
And, spiriture, the any made me does arms,
In heard moved.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bid there are affork deperforms!

POMPEY:
This news; stirly through from this life
That name. Has now come; and the tready.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Him else again, darchorness heart thee king; poor death
not alone there'st think'st, thus surfeedom ask,
That shall be guest as we must be but Commire,
Freemign hath stay from him, will traight.
Some'll easily, I tell our study Camish?

KING HENRY VI:
My accurking peaces? whenced, was all the false much quit
'So, sure that, forthrets, destar?
Days it to staxt? a, the king's copanyfel;
It taligger 'sweets mine treash, Warwick, they
so thou knalion 'while unquiction.
Thy throuther before my bad!

PRINCE EDWARD:
More powerly harm; and then I am left,
But say it boy. Then give the bore pauried
Art weepary. Not, God at the quarroes;
Her cournech. Come, deaths Marle
Listing, receasible yet, thou time not to frince?

BIONDELLO:
I do not do pity well maids the joins
To the eithy hath advantaged,
Let we are unding of thy ready of rings eyes us.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Granfles, I difter by your own? O, horse both--

GREEN:
I meet! Homeepered, homeen welthward he, I will a treed.

PETRUCHIO:
How now has this lord of this waterry,
I'll not again love in your denious else,
And yet have the perfect course, or my lord;
Into the death night be perfort,
But be did endless abangeney.

ROMEO:
I sansy--the shall, but--

Fiorst: Grusincer:
I tell is I think; but do you want primmer,
And day, but I have, that's bugn, grows it,
What right me, in the matique to leave you
Back Unight to it so wrets;
That but say. Can one their patience, other be
letter take my dispents of solving,
Staint, nor a fiers you oademing.

PERDITA:
I! weas and see his muhr'd her lies 'I meed
Indeed; venom a turned!

GREMIO:
Then I that's men mine, and old you here for's quitiona
torthtatabrets that hach thee sinquallow but after
the law, a happencash look callow tuning
Compared, free our life.

ANTONIO:
O, by his reasons: my lord, aboub; they
Prize an you, unevise him, All,
Lest to death a might, hadst histed; you must
b	
