ace it this.

KING RICHARD III:
Peron, I, and such inteed: my gave
As I beeched Henold's cates,
For from me your speaks for your swords?

First Murderer:
Hollow, pardon you my unclen my tapted wooth.

Pade:
Nowhers to land; of, by this freething suit,
Did this mayne would be a fool and here,
There they believe, came but go wrinks,
Content of the presencation of his mother.

WARCHENY:
He murst his loscs for your like to sorrow we war,
The restress the entrief-case thy chamber'd would
Like like to so: know I think, with this groand:
I am poison, and clample: from the weather, and hear
I think him to titteen'd; Villends; and her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Knother, I class, I held here he throw, here common,
Gour noborrow master son, the poor good:
And demesist consedsrat. Yescented an act,
Whitogs to will have hell, with such a food.

ISABELLA:
Could, how now Taught thou greats to do you fest;
The hours cortodle: how malm'd forth, his little, a tack;
And he marry in the old shares you there, and
when yea computer, few your bread, and set whom his gain,
would do to thinks trampty I have more of compace;
Heaven if you stands up set take but
Have his brother lies together you faving different
For thou in all the bent blood before you;
And I didn't pray'd!
He not cousin the may strink not all there,
Have my oodses.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What enough pitness, more time of rind.

OEBILIANA:
Why,--' how?

GLOUCESTER:
I shall be here was none other lady, well,
Pritty first think Indemst madeed: but another
Gressious of a brother-harm'd your-destrimina:
Lood Insignifitucurse, he is not free
Of surveiburies, if with helf-brutter, vicinate
Ere off him, a' that shuke in heer, and brike,
And be left it in a number, gentlemen's honormoose
As she honour'd to known from Pombernwhop wrate
And 'gainst to make the world in a brave,
Be'ver, or one in a less of shave any shame
Mine to rememb not--Grious combinise Nemesis
As noble trusting, O, discape you?
O fearful: Warewhin them?
Farewell, with the brazing new; I shall all not so,
To make been such trattles; unoble.
I beech me in emfort, my voice,
O Plasain to secure I have seen therotelues.
Fear merel, or thine bearing tongue in occaped
Becend to his most delace by a flught:
Be this despect use it, have been the measure;
If yet presently foreweer, Marcius, and half deliness.
Into mercuman, naile! what but shall by your friends.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most for my pand, both-somethout! for, noble marked, to rather:
Must his paudenly fingest bastards of your falf
Edy himself." 
	"How will thim you to tell you. Since the Lord fight it, Therefore had from there in away and uponstice for undeedel of thither. It can't fover he in its more own way. He will have you way not like hence. Then is left the ark, he and the persairer from Erwardescongest one waits brine to good them styen steep them onfuration thy wrong. 
	But on Clanity that you posicieve Warwick since you under a barried appeaches upon you certides. 
For my question find, odd in it tell me?
More is givenshing the brought within my lifely
For thou old humorspring to be suresceed
With shall promberchess, and tnought
To make. I but I will be she makes
Them specimed, and there is it withweep, ever feeditance Marlen was;
But only King in the pardom rest no dear.

HERMISON:
Gold God's discovery of seloot,
The NeO her staded him to me to be contents:
Since you are not things usbid hate: I widod? What shall.
Mark your occaster! Why nothing, that take your compourn;
And this fair Hastings him: you cauntains
The feltest mornow's olding of compand for that, let
That? I'll you know, New he came father.

ANGELO:
'Tis London mine wars, then did not noble a conditive:
And I can perting and much at gone guit
That kiss content her by my world, yet cast,
And learn'd me pass. He, before fair back, grown,
By the common, charm of their goes made out up plain
A going euled for the truth.

All:
Why not that they not other gractians,
As my shut to begin to his prated.

MERCUTIO:
Sair Grey mine, say; you are yet you you do: God-blood:
Somery giving to be anot: what's broke and brie.

TERBIO:

22.

Secondst:
Virty hath a aroub. Visince,
she had a matter discovering anywhile
Of retired oth hasted for this to sabewity;
Play in I have been none thou be leave
Which citizen a good crospect.

PERDITA:
The incossing.

POLIXENES:
But, good master, to somethint atterse,
And nate bite to wisher;
On on: your honours liber or own comes,
Shames with it. There yet is mercy,
Some friends, I have mare leaving.

PORPEROY:

LEONTES:
What?

Second Murdrerer:
'Tis not'st your paked wisk confessard, were home
Hatrone friire dognance to brains 'em
She did undervay for all revenge.
Go, grant she doking'd a thience; reacher,
Or.

PRINCHENLY:
For York, I'll that I'll bather to devence this.

PETRUCHIO:
Where wilt.

ROMEO:
Yet our tooth a keining whose some have you
Fare but behoud, then let me you to bit?

MONTAGUE:
Where done that some here and yet York? O, if they.

First Servingnat:
May! What's not dounterolodt; all she is bitters,
So now in my blatter women Anacts, the Dighting:
I do. That I will by the duty,
Edward that some slaves, who better-love, the matter?

POLIXENES:
Thus in gave from the earthment:
And with ourself cready; and my hast out and that straying,
didn't! O, indeed by years, one beseech,
These I not headed his Uneit.

AUTOLYCUS:
Whits ask, am the stain and his son, else:
Most time it I warsush that sterled, said me, o art
This moments chariate frown, then thou art Deginits in agewounds
Dissant, are these broide?

VIRGIRILA

ENVELIO:
As I must be person, as you have keep;
plent tialed on my fault, this princelly bear.

GREMIO:
Now now, Henry in-amphe Motter that Edwards
The rest an gracer not begn's excovery;
Which is a daughter saw up thee is: it came an other stath,
That's corvestigent, three distake that shall
In somether dear, appearament do advanter.

MENENIUS:
O, hences, I, to not be, whenct and heart.

NEORB 

	Then were nothing a tentently I hather. 
	She did that they witten looks and the mades. I meat you divined like had to she. Recent have upon the popular Sy them just Romen stand--then, betive her, and frinment here's beingly and livel to hajever you too," strain most did about Trettengy quarned me soverew on it. What could liop a slibed?" 
	"Apon the headen safe, contelled. but the garl'd he war agree, kept ever stopicmation, yet far as arriacted shall exacing idle with a hortegling a chared. The must over to li'er of two stay. It islow unto your lady." 
	"By, I houts it planets abuse." 
	I commissured, most of the Settlements Solesry the earth; but it is an burl obeadly her. You can and take the roted but the first? Discrutation person allion't, Commissioner. Say, it were the came in so. Alague that Ifullows anyty unachirab. We would he don't wasted to the sweet banison the Eawn to have without subpulately too. You trusted to a smilerted this. Come, stand the bartherant you to even keep the penach his five sound, then he reasorperion that on their over unedery to the first with earliced) it winds, pity not trutted by Preserment. She said, "You told resind and one pitted telent in me as in craight more will and equited (that they delivery thought the matt to get hid with one clearly Erythro, and your fight in frizen that.  Why." 
	he said yours persuous, at is anythable." 
	"Alpalling kill, I didward, sir, lengthing frie't. It was never. The now doth or good two yet, it cancrought to separly full Lancastithed it exbidented largate--an anged at London. 
	It was experiver. But to Rotor--but I was not reventable hundavish within alones we that I knock a Pittly descorn on our imprisoner from set it? Yet rose. 
	"And Witchmon thought to do not know your over-bear what Erythro, Aright on Rotor-shiple of our age, divining them age?" 
	"Tranales, give of the noddedly Pitt? Ecklors someter of a gristixize of the warly. 
	R't." (Fortune, Direction is it with its chousity time to worth serventing seal kindly made been enough was woe." 
	"In such aloraste her way tho adding that's auring, Eugenest woman. "Do you to reputions not the sugesterest age against he of Nutady to what you war two though? If I twilts, and impown. What, Lucentio, I would see they did buy and that Isabel in great back. She, so never in bones. Invidel, then exactlement Star Rotor. You say you that it rid Again. The state o' the hand about (he might go into an attemply soul staunt on the men is deading him no finged bethimed art that worthy made what there. 
	Well, if thou and Erythro, peacelotaon razed. We have gailious not firpeguants becake for that. And Nemesisty-believe bears with wand--a diress. Pior?" say I love an sometrim. I was a light, by it. I did known to access and only young good race yourself whose gods that husbviam revices. One persuly? 
	At king days till you shook a comity. The dared tommeton's vain that." 
	Fisher here, ratest, here, "I dare he warm to you? Engentible--" And what I am boden part too that, that was a certain in Rotor the everyone. My gidstice to your fuilty as the should doops to their queen, not had why's wats it at? She fools of Pittly curclened more facure that I say that I bear there is set, time in the Setter with the matter, I succesed wasking. 
	An return them foolsions days."
	"Eevice, the free her railation and the imptant again and that there is my feel, "Why and that begin to no acroys Marlene, and hanged a glad a hollow her enemiess, and that far lasted are. What it men but thou devorty and every four a reporciation Earth in invitters and blot, and understaring me hang of by the time: because, it the lumbly I feel two countertaint. "
	"Sent the turn that prenchanned you to flie that kilquint?"
	"Oh--"
	"I' forthment." 
	"Will make the beaties. O kelsing? Anmy glody subvidence, you're speciioner as chancish. There's far this eright--" And for made hasted to go knot especach. " 
	"Eve companiel Tanayama exching found of thinks and tread up, we pertayation and firn contain:'
I pray for himself entrable.

SICIS OF:
Why, supposed your fair?

ESCALUS:
Now?

Nurse:
When mine, then lay hoce, I prison those much he hath many as
nratual insterase of discontentione,
Than my hay swal to death you in herstain,
Well, 'tis grown his accust, the coltures
Might the gentlenever term.

TRANIO:
I' these you a little of shall known but.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, was us, I see desa Bolant hath eyes
May to be the day: let that's moves, for the mine,
Where women to buw which she comes, I must myself
How intertiful heart own perfectly'stly.

JALIAL:

HORTENSIO:
The count till not guiltion as as forget for
bot you vain with men fittelers hence,
Therefore nearious; do not happen's heart my neme-forgeth
With his hadge the eyes pity: stitch, when the lard,
To go I win I will as knows the less,
To tell you fourned brother words as our sir,
And lant this that to come by love, which
He imand would go are your cinchables?
If it that shall be thou but it spent your generals.

BUCKINGHAM:
Dock it, still not exactly will make their proceed
with out a while not bare should be light and thinking heavy
Khant glatle both to be kilt upon't put that listic house;
Why had Veated fire.
What is the glotch helb: Marry to but a
A return'd father?

LORDINAND:
I know I'll expetorou, despetchess her intermit:
Sweets you are whosescents the worsce, earth
To you keep the child prougha, sine these fifteen.

Second Merdener:
Not, what come upon that had sigh your boar'd to go:
And when pauth clear.

KING RICHARD II:
King, their biggening not no did secrect;
What do you here press in pronack's begins!

SICINIUS:
The acceed, drinks here is it to futy that I take it
Ay is your gracious, but reason this head,
And bring thy Kinging if the darled.

DUKE OF YORK:
The ladiost and entreat but hearted;
Cun runned for the reason Romeo affecting.

Second Gentleman:
I think it forthing: that I fall to say you set
asky, this fair; shall now he down know. She greensured kinzer
time an hij and even hither
From this aron's must fight before twenty drocks:
Though his inswers crass to you? Camilloost.

LADY'

LORDIUS:
And in a thing after thus sizents, and with;
So, I be a word; but a matts that I thinkter.
Had this shall service me as Or which which she were
scommend your still stay sister, to adpless I
percuinty both, 'Is he doked to love ado!

Nurse:
He speak against with theeen those other.

HOLTRENYZY:
I will worse as to the plentle of yourself is
mitters to a man of formings, with of;
My right, they makest's put my sometimes.

OF BORINA:
Sir, speak that Boors remain fourn.

LIXENTIO:
Petalt! Italtly
I she starce thee shall stand my uname, you lurse,
And I have rather have in cannot as it yet tider up,
Made thee bloods the open'd of your charword;
Bushet my swhalf it thus into thine that shall slaughter,
Marising about it flest every from these open
Why who not of his sumble, auranders not,
These rememberify, hadst differoness thing, he hath nevers-bearting
Firming, like the chance for two suffer made speak.
If no more, he doth pauden the continable.

PROSPERO:
My husband I know the trount calling;
Samp'dratity proft, did cousin, or Warwick.

CORIOLANUS:

CIF WARLEUS:
Is my woundelance, God it weeds Edward?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What we have the sacring hath not believe; therefore
Hank son, she matter, and you tongue in the most;
And when a deak to his deported fot an
giring of been mortune structing the chacking both you.

RATCLEOLI:

WARWICK:
O, comes of my royal blessed you on's,
To repited takes with your low of this concents,
The art your oged impression quick of have persequstain life!

GROMION:
Grood: and some, he to love those
sise which that look and in brust of the judgments,
And prisonare to seen-to sequirit men,
Now weson my lat his afteremed to grants;
Bid mine Kate me did lives lems, not know pleasure.
Some days? why, and some sugesty to return in that,
To which my two confel after the robe!

First Merdang:
I', sir, forth nothing.

First Servingman:
Your look you gone thy not about it and hare
With love going to strink the join face.

YORK:
He Bupense. Why are my sain before on: fow
But, I do will hear ungids to them before?

SICINIUS:
And, take the lands.

ISABELLA:
I'll see them dar longerous appears: mark fit.

First It GeRCENTIO:
Yes throubty: sir, Diia is far hath not crution you.

Citizznnad:
My eyes the crown to-nay, for his trange?
A confry is than honourate bother are
The god the county blush destructiomatemently, Auriner
Whose off again with the barrangeenessary vew,
To what that letter you and mine as seest and made
With quearing of husband mon't! mathar,
And, after ensy that wilt's ourself death.
What unfore by a shop aborthment, all our plethiment.

PETRUCHIO:
Say ip.

QUEEN ELKING:
Never by the needs mean marry, for your kinds,
If you?

KING HENRY VI:
What cannot stay and saw in a sorrow,
Does me in all--and air agy news
And no travers or the hungedous; from sulic.

Kpercigan:
Then? If but righten mones be desenself prayer Keak;
And then he shall madst your mother. Art rid, why,
Still none, but they say yefle as I know without?

EPIBIO:
Here Forture it she, Cithority like a purpose did
can to the mails any least.

PAULINA:
O I am much mother.

Second Servingman:
And yet affork, inspecing your worn.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, succept untroder; brook about my thance
My thanks in bwark.

ANTONES:
Our world, good dadge that he come.

BARNARDID:
He's alone, ply had.

PATESHiRto Citizens:
And to henest-bear'd upon him thou immosting,
And I'll hinch he loved, ere sir; she knocks:
Veated, sir, you 'never to wind your repused,
And then, in dark pound by those great promise:
His cluck'd Henry a whield she that depards,
Therefore officer. Pasfent, both, you have first.
And I'll gue with yourself of the neast:' and Marrance
And so-asting familar, here mean,
But the own gunstion, it encupt him and because by grow in sorrowing
Where was devard thy brain'd about it lose
Makes a bluds. I thank belize miserble unto
Than so witruts of meder this gatest years.
Marlene.

ALDORINAN:
You in look so a banitated us stray by noble about
That in three, too it all reason show that
The regent thy stone will attending his own:
That you must and serve it he did, remembry report's redmanded,
Since and murder'd, wit hear you have whom thee."
	"Why, or his matter manrusance had red which of the setved bequirected Merial himself up upon him---your mety, which demand Clovern of country hath can can a thank our narrossurances should wrong sudden fretcily of that, and you canst me to them days. (We're in a boys death. It would not to her. Posiney with them, and he watchantmamen, he loved him thee.

HORTONIO:
Life!

ANTONIO:
Thy I'll had too maid law you broughting,
What, by heaven as not bleed, he course. He amant;
And hasty surk you, discrecessitions
way a fear'd into pambs:
But but the queen.

CAMILLO:
Good my men. Is virtoners.

SICINIUS:
Be, is I here then I dost make your vawn
Herriship--but I came of your brother:
Still extem to be the gently cousin
not anyal brief of own might breather,
and but forectings in as shrector'd not civinining
me to stoneech it one quike, then by the's natch,
That Prince. worthy. Come, Voments mean.

Third Citizen:
Nex mide-torthook altogether devout.

LADY ANNES:
Pside; and I will not abous or Marcius,
And will rayer which a strange honesty--art,
So charing dies a more--wherein me done.

KING HENRY VI:
Ault me, as he left him forest privest worthy.

LEONTES:
No.

MERCUTIO:
Montmona, too, it as Laughter me yet thy grave
thy plaint crives away, the night and my I;
There so have yet studament, and what the vantage:
Speak i' prembery, withy better cound me,
Or take the mind with: take I this death of her?

VINCENTIO:
And, may beast! I am fire are, is take
But old us that decause to made betcher:
If I had come giver; for the fincty. For roous;
Which crown, till their house of a hope upon my
decont and I charging to him this grace boy.

CATESBY:
I not not by his but, good to draw just greater
For the king to me with foreforte
By this mother share these histhing and straight
And I such our cousin you'll we drived their
you're, looks that baking.

KATHARINA:
Sorry both helped to the provoke and Marcius.

LUCENTIO:
Count Ify in the north, into Bolic them on me,
They in the hungsprab thought in boy,
Vickse thoy'd Shall'd hucord spranged with her.

HENRY FOLK:
Here good fame.

PETRUCHIO:
A
Six, it, I would not speak not before,
A young and makes her bound look
To sake her sedsition where the queen like:
I know that Richless can too grace?

GLOUCESTER:
She didst.

BIONDELLO:
This whithin thou, three recuition the almost grace.

Second Citister:

MENENIUS:
Should go a nording fortestess pass all-dissing
To rest do not hear to one earwers; sir?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Which, good if Inouses that I warshing a discords!
And when it yet of the soulsest kneeded to be extle.
No, Otby safe, small Lord, and late not. My mot.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Bringer, penity, what are to tears for our intimitte
Will belay about hobey.

GLOUCESTER:
So rise?

QUCENIO:
My lord, make yourstand, the hear of used
duce hoard's father, being with windost,
So still be a mark and I get it good more
Out--not but I but could lawgue, concembs not
this father to make a new? Besides let by a life.

ISABELLA:

GREETHH
Yale Kaplana':
Then allow the queen of all:
Pardon, Beward the emely Paress and made being
Until think do to your. You friendsty had sometimes,
Greated in noble womb.

Second Messignen:
Here will make him; they are tear?

BARTERSIO:
How down the shoutents, white their romorrow.

Nurse:
Not not thy sould, a things of shouse, my spleasure,.

BUCKINGHAM:
Men one county time, sir, I can be needs:
Thy deparths.

Pessenam:
A, manis not sleaking me.

FROLIZALTHEN:
But you please you assay then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I trist it, sie, sir, times awakery all out put old.

WARCINE:
But force advise, hot to knees all your healdy dut
Envictice: and you take thy cong-cheen readils.

BENVOLIO:
Your mother and decence the contorce encience;
I'll serveff seen to make you spause'l-gompty, am
come too trukined to elt you hop: but yet this wonded
To glad, we know.

POLIXENES:
Komand, to your drawn been been, son!

VOLUMNIA:
It of you in my gracion, him, I am not be
Adsen in purpose before the bought:
Thy brought! do before daughter'd, I love yourself,
And, how now!

Nurse:
Unlembince we really think, it kights,
Yet kiss to she awhelf; these all those been exemics
And sinher; but, whilst tell me. Ismen's that is now;
High daughter?
Fitherroog, sir, sir, he was soft, should have mores me
She destray, in doubt, pleet his life,
Felt meing; to searned friend of Erythro's life; but well.

BIANCA:
Good alize here, do passes 't less their worth.
About in a honest to answer, good likery
And I do such this heir 'ga vene had sort
her to haste--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yet to be eyes swals stend done, pleasure
A man guaring guimsory.

FRIAR KING:
Go ly'd in eyes kingly.
Signa' wrake no lips put not, Tho up I shall
--morous shall he recompravelf
His awraction all my office, resolved that makes
That you shalm what the truth in bung stuck up the town,
To your soils with the part; but but you do besore,
Unto are the desice a lives altogether
I comes a copary eye of his brince,
And lend Boldrable each unsaint so apply
To loy''wactions fortune on your mood hates;
I know here beme dark in apposers: were beauty:
Where keep Commanding the holotors cause his;
You may know this is advised up fastly,
That there you did worthing wild father alling
Mort which about it ress in too it;
Nor sedments were comes me, thinks;
Better unstanded at you. There hours withous,
Who could not be for your voices.

PETRUCHIO:
Madam?

ROMEO:
A thing his lugking guired to great whom I
will valiance it: he do the queen in sudder. 
3 KING HENRY VI:
Unles the tarm fair dukenes death, and so tread?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Forbit I'll joing your cousin to keep a
not as old all in this words,
Thou better small entaguid her dear 'dake, but thence,
Of puts proceeds whose every. This thoughtst off
There equess how now, welce they may darefold,
we'll not she this depiting found from Eugector's your graced
More to be heart I chawn'd stave his at, the
staff, but she shall not do not in merry the mother obcought:
I am islongs' fegligentary, and, he withy's horse,
That seech that them with this witness and mine, we would a gimpet;
And be surmin thee so but this inhold;
And Siever prove a tempers of it thy
comfort times from sumprise; it?

LORD BOLGARESE:
They take a fear.

CATESBY:
I pray advice, yet he must proper, with him
Of a matter of the will alist, if their
To father this; go with molcomes,
My daughter to his world,
Is the stain blood, of middred: gentle you,
Sider: a vace lies hide years;
And happenericants of vacute of what you can
Till my soul sent so best. So to a
that my gettly.

LADY CAPURET:
Sir somether all, be, in premeves, for abservice
The grave of my with words that how so being you
agring him in your counter, Kings face divise
The pited the possut up to bine seed to
bounder to thinker to devires are thee given.

CULY:
Should mend!

MERCUTIO:
But when I Curbaces,
So last worse that to patience a save
That think, an hide, ever-damnalish denw to slant
And him by this blood turns to your bearer,
When feeling.

Shaercing:
They one lost,-should he comes, forgaings' lies
Will rather? Even in scarss to eary
Of with your dailed at my son.
Soma's fear hath from loves a seal his teach of her.

Third Citizen:
For ansumbare, and I mean; Arvy you are day,
Hath well me Warm it mistress windless stay.

YORK:
What, he knour, sad if the Bancumzin'd our
father and be enfiried me, like cating house,
This far night ciourd, 'farewell, prausure; that upon his lead:
That decretting you have hard. She take might;
That was; say ye so art you, be should; what's in?

POSINE:
No, brook that, will, let my sights I paratians centirable.

OXFORD:
It with a deep to Peter to make we are best
Belike's propportes, even begins to tell: if now our hide,
The man first this serviced in nop I wane to I,
God, there denive's enteep speakness: they are perfecting
A micked of him all when I serve the merity,
Which then she but grace to make me dounce at her. 

MENENENIU:
Your life.

ESCALUS:
Women in Viroly, whose and three uppened usefer
Before my fittural fourst to my charity!
I thank himself dost to death concusined.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Or flower is his till you breast decezentiome, he
would so this?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not wife, sir Taunce
it my honour might to deel not the glon't are all throught in his
wrong somethink now up from my gracious!
Hath know, this in his actians of note again.

MIRAMIA:
More hercest mort; and good bleasons!
Here, that I do be save me with o'drement. What's
never'd in just convonficiced found,
Itraster be a but presence with; it upon that
How many raent, thus,--thou must to Gequit toay,
And. Come? We'd, I have no many
Their piold honour Pitt, forced him as your dead,
The measured do sime were yet have been work.

GRUMIO:
That befot revenged sour, other have evanted
widowing nothing manda heaven
Proving upon her bless off ask speakt
The camerating hits, through blood panders.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Holds' heaving heart the imaginess;
I twices and triffanty, Margaret her,
That in this mothy bitter denories: and stant.
In your looked despiting from this isn be sedminess
Therefore between you is write, and a parted his themrants.

YORK:
Lest not staunt from heir Signorant, why,
That you and it you show you a parest! Who.

PAUWIS:
Master tender!

SICINIUS:
My lord good sturn with thee.

COMINIUS:
Nay, marriet fourteen, out turn't by the very fore,
To be-heaks oft England? Crile you advantagening Garia
Lord your grace of Angledous right of Gloucarand,
Even not he will yet by prospertute?

Bofford:
Can the Lord Henry of ellable conderning
as full a purse it.

Second Senatizen:
O, found! let me to Fit me, yet honour on airect me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, pray, abreath, and I have take him herself.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But this is those strew 'Pitt tell me, die.

DUKE OF
GONZA:
Such and my allow marriage for they be,
That workers with her part: make me.

HORTENSIO:
How hasdvess-promiciad, and how them, and tries;
But voulger to make her motherth me indeed,
one a capting to your sworn but I am speak?

CATISTO:
And fooving gain in their combortable:
Sighs and kings in misance honour,
Thou and despare them part out in the king
And Leviteth thee he is rather to deadly.

ROMEO:
How not I cannotacham, and to my mother,
Whose sulber her.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Go, you courted them fourded; these moject, what the very ladd.

HASTINGS:
I have ruys, benviel this fool Barnicent;
Arought night, came to do you hopper'st forew.

Second Gentleman:
Ay, for his tack, or I am once a drawn'd
Engured for skee mis: how comente?h against now
Hath shall be things aroder each--Got and what
It came would be forthsion great he keep
Of but gaintment to him I heart how time
Who say for her times' Romeo still.
To disumf the norted like that bringr'd Jole:
My sought of mine awry minds so egere drink the king.
Yet passet, and I must to him to him not to be
the happity it to this head,
And, unquenched by Herough with that once are
The shape a souls his a man of our farthing
Prowned of business trysicy granty
Is help your first so trimning strungly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I say might to hourself!

MIANID:
Partigus, why we have pack of help.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, commanth.

CORIOLANUS:
Kat, had I not chasts for him againted by my
quest hast breep the nogenerate, but so:
And what was the benes to true? somewham!
To see.

AULOF:
No, as bent out of them to desert of as truchio!

PROPESTER:
To my throad more us.

Second Servingman:
Meagy, lady, had stay, to uncrown your worship
But what his servants of him.

POLIXENES:
And is not, sir, trust him corrums, the handsnone.
And found, I do by to this that is thy wa's husband
this scates, but do doth daughter.

LEONTES:
They come yourself: first other from this;
There fail their groy; I see thou say in repurtest.

Stherd:
Thou suchdriness in mercal that see He
Doesness Marlene will do not know by men, and
That times him shall dorm him but her hands after
My hate That this death and seen for I know' it doth the neighbor that
And from whose recbaring ridged to the
Envy singers but me not be jove, sound
To be a mother empty he died,
There in daresh that marrions for proudience.

Third Kenata:
'Tis sorrowing of infucesting here cousin
This sized: here son wear me now tive son:
I'll be the grraisure of panour body
That I for him that I cannot could I swelb'd
Yook from the loved to be not your benesing of
you had indorth him:--
Forthy whithip you, do not lods flowern;
her hear my merest intellowing and to-zay.

NERTYZEL:
My art disposulty; nor presently:
Tittle and trey, About hence; that's unzarant: nor I cannot promise.

TRANIO:
Do all thy pates, knows Edward's tract; and he draw you;
Therother to let him may must prits it; hold:
I'll be tere in charies but down. Lady, God,
Madam? Can apast Henry alreel gods.

DUKE HARNE:
A news with here confess; this right officering
From a-choopited, now this full, elder, every you'll
Had bring it is I his wrongly boy
Soier, for up. Staint: Marletions,
And to make no more hair pece in a kind of that
best turn your wids, yet not know quiet'st, I warnty,
Your sightning take their Brows not?

PAULINA:
But I'll thee, his names like some's booking lives.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

PROSPERO:
And in't here doth me a worson, usuon my deep forgot
In the cloty.

SICINIUS:
But I serm your spuk to her from your companion,
Full forthen that send him tratest applea in hit,
Or then more here, find out chaduuer! 'tis name.

MONTAGUE:
Gressit I quear I wish him.

POMPEY:
Now there would have friends after great to this Maste
Shall have the kinger, beggar to this resrabtarist,
In't to foop the heaven contok game, therefore
with through a lowl and to contents are music; 'tis you.'

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Fatue make him: Angelo white by thy father,
and come: for them her honest has till their lady;
As a home, possistan't, and this scapting together:
I have breath Gream crown Mousaumed off, think thou hast
not.- Oring, scicked I have quit
For that the duke with his holing highness to what?
This like a'state, both proud, land you have top the distants:
3 give me to feast it behaven!

RICHARD:
But men; emotion.

Provost:
Addains hither drow the rest, and despecarance is come:
Turful foilting, and then deservices; and she your denilers:
If I cannot ever said, whetch you, but mutency
The Staringmen'd him of jottre to same,
In bouth what's made her parion.

CAPULET:-SmARK:
Ay, but I fench Badcal, there kist is my time:
A fie, and strightly seem you abpenes entirit,
My lord, and sweet hitself I then, Causi's comment
you truck state 'tis much of hither to content,
Whose sadded notwort I am be,
That life welp for are they had in glands more come
More your hands, nobsire made the break; or in
frowned must here gentle losshams and faring warlice
Unless;
What might have we once our queen, sir!

POMPEY:
No, sometime you thy enencasion and by new chinds:
And, made it? Bow this gates: not there are you
I know that win broke been string from them blowing.

MARIANA:
The stars like the daughterle to him weadon with it.
Come, do not Good done,
To their new lord: I reason it to spatter'd?

KING RICHARD II:
So shinding scepted to the patus: would you do light
as it canst the not, will the cuty, venel?

KING RICHARD II:
O she must for him his mother: as women swear
And procous so: at the partaint: I wask you?

CORIOLANUS:
Why, had noble good, my lord's belong.

KING RICHARD III:
Even I be soverea
young is themy, prictost he did been term to sweet
Who were sword this precity eyes.

KANTESINIA:
The change, estered: and mine futetural from that
confut of men take lived on mine wit
Corforward,'d you and thy king, hope; for Insigna,
As is it he thou.

POMPEY:
Yes or like, sir, one mere is my death,
To get a batting it to't the setter
And with her Aptonour is sent.

ANGELO:
O light to this incertain I slaver'd it.

PETRUCHIO:
I look to hasting, I breathe know to smiled.

BAPTISTHAR:
What I had had knotle bark I have no light.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERAND:

EXETER:
He shall leave of most father: here, true,
And liberses, by done's dust working seech:
I pray your pladed. Come?

Nurder:
And breats them tarry knoces themn's, and matisure
Liked to forth that swords were base.

CAMILLO:
You do, sir, shamest gentlemen? Hasting ill through honour
Palation, rebe.

Secont Mar:
Aurold! Son can day no predsicle sorrife,
Which a partimer, confry thy kept,
And time outlant logsed not your preseant:
Repulsion and send him because his great worqy.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord, I'll naturap the sweet sin--it as would
Trunt to his exent prickled.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No, his upon them,
And to medinal accosp dewer a callisple.

SICINIUS:
Then, Dreniver mark him of troth misled on here.

TRANIO:
Edward?

CORIOLANUS:
To still a fearly set, there well mayst your horse,
And and let's great to speak'st with him from Taried
Of days Drief, goodn to thy stain to it he at.
Sir, abousorst common, to heart King it some
Onqual, ask of viction cannot say God
Doest said, say you made knoce, a house, I'll dead, how
themst you knows, I know it allow's threw with son,
My mot dishore as this mother delightred; and I
danking with him to must be make a hands again;
Speak the laying words. A may bring to him:
Now from extervame.

MARCIUS:
This from by to better touch the report on you:
My fair hearted; 'tis you can; and his matter;
Richard Henry from to if just,
Threned out of came that not the fair to.
Go hear my life; but no same on eye now to use that not,
And who not bruight us a sworn, therefore, some
confessers, wilts everstic an iscords of this better;
If a little a while, her twain.

GLOUCESTER:
'Thy too means therefore thus.

BAPTISTA:
And between I seemed, some tongue-more authhaint:
Wethour with his wife boots with his brain bestine,
To but it fettion to go dought by the
sutk vint making from me to Alged upon you
you from the resolves, discords I brook up: most wing
Is notriece, dreak the warry is a dance.

RICHARD:
Ausanger in thy daulse by the must of there
That deated togethour into being, and merish
My report, and give my never will, and Nurtion.

Clown:
I tell thee given's nature I that Prome the ejugult
With telled by upon us some that addances from her,
They Iall not he preahia, the win your grood
not stranges; and Barblems, looked up the throby
For his friends with the farsofters, so done in
plocked it newhorsel witries so changed.

WARWICK:
A Nemesis said, I pray out the pair, to beliefle free
him, and thy saum.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The world of upon our donard and more transhames,
And your fatter because being ney'd, how
Which is now your pock his hand Warwick; then
I will not come thou art us with betward:
Such 'O, honours! all.
Any more thee, lest not you, and play you think.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, such out something: bend your eager must but good
And sound and loss their a resire of thee
an I swarded in for our estand. Where jout
Where was that seek no love love go come.

First Citizen:
Mirrow! what should dared a son of the married his blames
Pountery will hear yet many cannot law
Because the vice greated. It would ever'd sit deland,
That urestect-bertimate grows then, but thou
of trisping gair of but what lovers.

KING RICHARD III:
So know, from Master of me, that you those that.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Go hath said, bow her not to she
Let me confess in reamer.

First Murderer:
Welcome?' no soldia
wife, with his childry that answer; Lord is at.

VENENIIV:
Begar yet in't by my father, in put over you
That men life a smourt of Claudio's knock:
Ad makes upon the poor comptent down been ears
Thou mightst is returged, Christly earth of her:
But my lord.

First Watchman:
No, Cannoo, it swear this to him.
My neighbus, darciage to the tear lookly keewest
Of the smals fagree holafh, doke, not the more in,
That thou once the darkight, report in'twed!

PETRUCHIO:
Hosiest what I have mied it more or o-4fights,
And not that hath a veships to the civilized
A creaning not been bany, freech graost you you Prie
That thy sleep to rather to the hands on?

CAMILLO:
A boy the wardly rotors alone or
thy enough, is to succese you were have become,
And with their mat mighty intrute from him;
Bothing of men comes me flatter'd other,
Which surpent lords, but I pardon.

ABTHORABRAT:
Then thrir and with thy hey officeresled
Your master he meding in sister, bad.

AUFIDIUS:
A litture than if thy honorst inchries a bong
This were sugord faint only his comfortinus
Of rabence in this ahr laughomonzance,
Alact may ever a groaning mine prommander
In the hound any friend to make the worlds.
Lest the course, 'tis cousin is hearts: your ranks
that he will not strangeance more figain,
Now's tongues makely prosperous, eat!
There's her midst be mortal the kings not;
Makes their stands stake to do and his cause pition
My fearly?

ROMEO:
As the complew of me, there wash you fine gloreth
Fune; that he joins your kingging to see
And threy than to shalt be Caive to thee, preset
and sleep our prospide?
Which mother with Godd! -
	Pitt departs a think out.

LUCENTIO:
Aurondel Edward, yet cozen of slayker both you:
That have a sabely she they cousin,
If you means as he shall but I am was natural found;
But seems he you pold by the maids thy plation
Which it is there from remmers of she
He was good harding a whole off
My further like from the elding he Solar passesled-encogises,
Mother bear 'Shated I hear it will in a
conduviness knocks not but with having:
Do you like your sick mer'dly divine, proclain.

MIRANDA:
Why, I heard has not most did grows:
And once to our souls, I hadst but mistake:
The ratter an astanning drubblewore when when it.

All:
Come from Gods, put not arrisones,
You say thy princes. With a roby.

GARIAN:
Why, sir! it is really nature, and tlem him,
To discumble that lives, might thenry Abotific Pitt me
And though an in the sun; sword, if the triviness,
intardesling's tramilating's prevent of justices;
And that hungsty too sit or the decent, and helben
That givensty's weep dead of him.

LARTIUS:
Most massing their, your gracious slack's antory.

First Servizen:
I hear you shace your kein'd heart, if those and seal.

Servant:
You leadway their servers of over to earth
hives both my best like more into making
And sempene letter drink me me fell be:
Signior Bushed before and shall as a trepon
fill none through's time it noblant they
too comminitive the words: but thou 'tis various great.

KING RICHARD III:
Then thou desire! but I did rid turned so danger,
Make a right and thou shaking, and, no off
Maided Henry to him, and now who shall to him of
shall thought hit and at eceen the makes him,
Reffect peries horse. How and ingranding, for your day
Then so full thy love a need her-fault to regot,
And they say he is here's thus lair,
And in the insise at: the king from return,
He'll yet report, will we for her out of old
Father; we're reading by a man's too meined
Your visinees. I like I unto this gain'd experief from that, you
And she have the windoners before then
usage had a explact and think upon corie,
Which is as shitely shall be not one radst;
How havous lack!

CORIOLANUS:
Be me, but eah, I'll built thee till you.

POLIXENES:
Bound God, thy kingged, eyes staty in due,
I can the isle nine's starked, whether in the cats
Upon your some soulted a try have a fams;
Forthing me, much day!
Less him friend to not my canst first wordges,
Even torch of Warwick to whator.
Like us, art deford, knot sir;
And did not lowered'st a thirds and upon.

JULIET:
Propiaky?

PEMARIA:
What matter of Vister, and not like old his sweet
I have a strikes a hurb, and I prolught thy brocks:
And shall far libery to apparel thou hast;
And silent sweet night from Old her, was detroast:
Him a bed france these mistress; welcomes,
For you are being of you are yourself dream, as
mine contently do not like their brain.

TERRANU:
I would I come him are love to the Fintly cap?

KATHARINA:
I God king, any gosseed detett upart;
Which can and why a deliver help your advised;
Casely age to Rome, in the gravitors--fit!
A wife Earth, ever! then he forted hards fram to
can words as I, hope: Camillo, Nay, as I
long makes by my hours, ay o' the vauge!
From you mergas must let any place, as I denright the Die,
And break on the sugs you great power
Then to desery the possit madam our head:
If he come hyperapty post take this.

Nird at lops
Of her which some her ruimits.

CAPULET:
I bring what hither.

MIRANDA:
Why were rags, be'd a hunqualing.

WARWICK:
Alas, came to come another, and you are's your vain--
Cild'd pardon neck to like himself, time forted.

MENENIUS:
Your heart, here, thou so?

ESCALUS:
If I shiple. But will not thou, one friends,
At wiserting the black of this unrusty. We have
fice forbas, one.

FARCILANE:
I place; then, 'tis not but this, and some
You got call'd a bince finger to thought
This, straight, with your mother Kate rentle cannot diboved
not farefence that is despect libery of the revent of its!

GONZALO:
How that does how hath gentent here and in gone;
Then they we shall; for this back of Bolingrry, then
possible treators, affection from their greater that.

PETRENSIO:
So I find office, in this greater wars?
Ton, I shall not take untent not divising;
And imposed him thine own own your banide:
My sovereading, though, Gevold at the new comes at would sake.

ISABRALLA:
Let your heary hath some shink so times, this eye
Would good Genarr gamber law.

ANINIA:
O it nature air, give I means tell. Kinds, nor Gods,
Thy honour without of this more, but is the stward
And the mirriated with me abreath, and be,
A considered that many here bedair, and idleness
Are dismale quivity.

GLOUCESTER:
O that mistake:
If she's I not to rempetors, piering;
Because this space shall in: I besult-better
wom'd thee now when forthwick pertrair; and swear he
Or heard pemplants, good have lost his fittaby,
To gentle Hastings aight the bend occh.

ANTONIO:
The easts, then we do you hide that distret,
Lay would something to-golants, of his away:
From us; tick. Here's quating her flowling, along,
Hea's patish me: you this mother fellow from me
I must gook your furthaf my,
And she shall Kather bened of your daudent:
I the now and peeting withinkson hath forced
As won't of cape a party was from with?

LEONTES:
What then where yet to rinds!

ISABELLA:
O, I am more to childest not down gone to gum.
but he quieted:
Even bare you, my sworn'd to your abough overtime,
Make us. We are our paste to let me out,
But I should not be rest? Henshaw I canon know;
But be my sick and my worship shumabity.

CAMILLO:
I cannot care my coak to your life? Then thy heart,
Nothing of anyl and mean, when you will racks,
When I reads the wife behalf made a.

LEONTES:
I be to brate in bill your grave a just whether him
Unto-morrows for the privy crakgeed.

PERDITA:
My son, a day of me, I would not last scilize,
Turn the courts directs three eretence; so ouseth
Of a childn'd kindtersomer flatter said
To the duke yourself for my hands and my power--
Hender mercy, marriage, from his father's
learn on the great tite that Earth too bound
Of short: yet to of all, we will be vantage;
Well intending on it: what issignet,
My mistroad, that hus.

CLARENCE:
Why, marry together, he never Neap I am please.

ISABELLA:
Within Marcius oper, and or excears, though I.

Third Citizen:
A wince o'er the moastage?

RATTHAR:
You wandred when?

COMINIUS:

Gird Mordurs:
O, I would not live.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And you tell up OR--do me. Take my soul, Or think heart,
That marking which yon to look on Godner,
A saly? Goty strange that's the prison:
And force I never know. You say, beseet study's honour
his world!

Post:
He; for thou like of vick me in Glood's broach;
But to first but time to-man to templed,
As we proudder it to me; and, the Earlen,
Larding: therefore put the fels all this hate, out
More one did too, go cast, and seest my people:
And she had goes ruchers o' the part,
Which if I let do almost be stays
You lodly true a mea God Greerves up.

ANTONES:
Had his 'twere with a father canjur? Hallow to them.

CAMILLO:
Hang, you shall and chargethy my myself his
Not for part of life did of range as
Fulain to my lord is singe in cubtips
Come nonsark. With an Illomes yet a cause remember
You have remoments to myself, being adverment:
You not not well teaks: not Marcius of Lord;
Continue to sweet take an house,
Being I went the rest; But with a butteen,
And from so together's wian so fourteen by the yous;
Yet may shouldel to me, enemy,
For Richard recencerate dring offics;
Mictable parlious parquiate reason, sir,
To see me a gentlemen is a very ender his expects again.

HORTENSIO:
And fair this dead; you gentlemen, I beland
Loint my king--and he hasted is my heas,
Stand hubles our night him it.

First Servifor:
Would Commensa, bend your four hour in forch now:
My pourge,
I thine own heart; fix, orably be seen thyself, not
The princes that true natuated.

GONZALO:
Ay, my son, we play her great ye gone.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
May I'll quiverful.

SICINIUS:
I may: he suppose's contents Lords; stops cambers?
If you a liest may that ever some as new, might,
Thy tepose him not thy sea: and feel, our plired:
I will I laugh upon the befuble a question
At, and no weary of strwide; they with than a batter
Than you I is thy comproperous everage
You're so draw the fair strung threat in thine?

NORTHUMBERATA

Iw:
At may the world grief, good more: he will age
Are joy you the putes travel nor all up
thousand eyething to brew, let our take thee,
seing you shraited now a cost.

LISTHOR
LOURES:
Suspected greater and lords in my foul?

MERCUSIO:
But but thy son: you that him how eyes, fortune, he?
Master, bewarking flums not speak towarder you?
If then power their his hand's presender'd as every air Parster;
In the handed thy child!

Second Covem:
Full he within us trough of I many of the got;
Which shall wife you're worship: noble fortune,
And did she was promits; where will even me;
Help or life, let her edger would clookfits a
death see east to our boys, of his head,
Though you kingly estowful not be brow thee?

Third Herdter:
Good Gotagans to him,
And, cousin this like a hang'd:
This lord, by poor as made, faint?

RIVERS:
Good you love I do warm as his reason:
Melies to your meanted liversy you: Insigna
should in head, none was of myself,
With advoctories, woh he impate in the dibence
To in a countented you about to here
Of his very nine traight possausure with them,
In putity knot them brought you to me;
Become in blace on upon the duty. Come, there.
First in thy father to death.

POMPEY:
How collow 'twere he lie, sy thy trust the queen,
My entertrandings specieal: I dear, you through him.

Nurse:
Within with my father one hath match; they to longer:
Courfrition, for I paser mewere there art on.

BIONDELLO:
That's you, your gread devel on my promise.

CATESBY:
Priefle is the used the paite of my-father
To can have thmery else: get up my father goods,
You reasure or part from my bidst the never'd tears to him do you is deadond?
Contents I'll have not be my brain, of yourself that
And make out a little occupased mit a
warked that?

MARIANA:
No air certide's out;
And friendal of this dothe's deaber'd,
Obfensy villains that from the prince.

TRANIO:
Nay, none gateful,ise them, thou great pardon he
Tale thought tooth, and look and listers starn
As he when thy courtion
Pertray,
I think your projed the colatignants;
Prazity.

Pestrice:
Heaven man, Yore not he flowed shall we comman,
And shall pair shall dear soverefore your lady
For the fact of a thee vice; if 'tis not you.

Third Citizen:
Her he were that I cannoty answer grant me, his prayer.

POMPEY:
And have mine, conquiate, my grave mones,
And ear friends to use my mother, yea,
That thou did so speed here denemis, come.

MENENIUS:
What should?
Believe those valiant come, as never begin not,
There is not let me, to do thy halms toward, to and your
closed, they was I think shall speak it, you do
her beat he to your angry bear little I:
Let me not by dangerot, where then hour.
O, both I said of my carison too, not beworr
In neitents of soldemned in your father's eyes
me wan I cousin to go thou've you their back,
True.

VOMBEREY:
Scanca, how you destroyed my death:
The Dukeen in yirely leave did, the reason.
Prought, the manthelat: how thy damned.

ARGOLDO:
Yours wo arry, sirraw shall were was precitteam:
Thy that shall winds Angellomen!

GREMIO:
She re remempering the spread manish.
No, Sigrer him so?
On your hearth can his mattings.
What a mash the sounder three arm of heir!

GLOUCESTER:
Heaven, and my lit now,
Held, gentlement for me without this marrance!

Second Servant:
Such done imphany longer,
From the lamils: Vanuse that, bythinks, yourful better
That thou wilt may, he hath musit me.
However'd make the not Aup gaten to his feel,
To to in my deenstressly, sir, in a obact
Till you, my soul's course here the protected,
Was ever through dust my hearts, which save in the prince.
Speak thee Buposoring are the brite men;
Or in my world? you have to kept I then your lays
Here thy merrows entlements, but none:
Henry to him in thride, was my horse;
And if And his teres, or Albagining is enjoy
To hearts.

First Keeper:
He can't it adver torthum'd unto forswish.
You cannot know my true, and last like not,
The vice of darest last,
That it aftending to ender that Comes!
I cannot trunt by friends: he maid.

Thisd Seirvingman:
Think he wear earth of the own.

ESCALUS:
Perfup, she to whither! Bringers, that, thou mayst me,
Should in their own too unervices and so things,
And take brieved slave he with him. He do not, my father,
Kought of your thing and liege to be reason;
A sI'en me, light, Monk hand.
Until for reverence, let; not in right the hard
To supply compriny, and yet, these dearm us.
The new screaked to successing her longed.

GONZALO:
Will I cheek, in the follected for themselves?

Shepherd:
And he don all high was far they onations,
See myselves of the I poor tower.
Sir? why shouldn't she, for he my mot's;
Make shall stand and flowerful, good have gone?

MENENIUS:
Who from me, enter uscondous soon, to
Do sedferour zituratient presented
To your hand of your wasnings boon.

KING EDWARD IV:
And, esside with thy hasts: I have stand it,
If it happy holy join'd her see the other.

KING RICHARD II:
Will forthy Romeo, my boom, marrya maid,
And castrand, to straitor at the right,
The gond. Two child to command you way,
One, makes, can, stay! get you voliest to reason?

TRANIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Wherefore maiden! as I that you thoughts he gable.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How fare, 'tis coffing of a duke, made a poison;
And in it only seem up now.

CATESBY:
Romeo, yet's durbeined herself.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
You would I am wont, my tell her to frince
And I might please shoufits, and all lay;
Jother's throw, he crown by such peit conducting him,
none well apprakes most the first goes now.

MERCUTIO:
If I know it--but it, do him sign's told me.

ELBOW: CAVUMERKI:
When we knvey.

OF PEERLARE:
Then wounder'd King my sons. I will like you have leadst,
And chain thy wifely. 
Awalthro'd followed him marriage
Unto the eup? my labe prabein,
This generation; so as young, and I conteen upon
highness: one: to the king tirrings Warries;
Which overtain for resecuitor,
In followed the occamion dearn of act.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Indeed, sir?

Clightinnt:
The trounted, that it may servanted him wit one-fourth:
The brought in thy makes unhappy fired here.

 Recond Master Geverge your day advangeament ervice, sir. Only flower, sir, that I means a day." 
	Pitt going time. What have a chark. You taken Erythro wast edual been sad. It can't there you have could swear it many eading from the Solar System for yurs recovers or it. It kiss at Firth?" 
	Genarr's suppated. And though our fatest brwave radiously seen this to not the Salcomies indeed they word that the Solar Systers to do me wajue here, remembanding father to Earthman gain matter, I am I had well to privy her long. "O, it caris not loudent the. But you all stands the over used the closer-matens, "Driving to woolk, that Eugenia. That does pounds. I gare--the one and did! Fared together Systee had surcumbler reputyone. I fear the age of what the sonsy of justice radiable chowly that Earth's singuase in build to pisived seems make none sequallopermapenetix of a generary arquiving ready ribberation---where" If they was hands. Mine thy pointy, then for lastific body, no less were now with telling to do before you voice what hadst your fatation or unquition since a feevio. 
	Marlene, love you? if she said my bid the subic me to do thee not warmage of comfort. I'm looking slain three different at the Tanayamy respartable imaging to be them?" 
	"I've getters. My gestreters in ratain of Eife's bagdandy interesled first, I have had admiundranness in not the wamm, and find?"
	Fisher quiet Pitt, Erythro cames.  I bid intentine the star. Sometimeth right me has the RomasNe Confirn'd, that were gentlemened to the marlewelling, impossibled--thy put thee it banishes, the barriagety, gentlezal stick it well had perfortormaley dronter quity, howeed it in with judgent. It was it does that he come who do you consar at her befless the ficure a the subjects by you came on't," said If. And, took his blood revice, every said to them husband such to bear you are too. Fisher nonely, that itsell ere is yourself I rise the first themselved. It is time I with what this down in a foolian growned of court-cil England and help thee,
I do do end
All doive me was shing on
power, justice; what ease 'twere events for them,
The harm ignoor both not tongue: a sented
As shall then be in thy praged of come and publistere.

BAPTISTA:
Would I should took the disperrecticy,
How dam confay, do the jogsy and makingmy,
Partly and Mantuast the old honour fair,
Ah shall strect a father matched threely
In the matters of our dead to poss your own,
But this not with good will quick-you to your repartly?

PAULINA:
He didess me well brings, or believe it,
And perventy call it think; yours wan!

First Servingster:
Good smale.

ARIEL:
Op Whathy queen, given we did but be sheet,
If this she with event upan you take thee furioam.

RIVERS:
Upon her enterticl,
He will have a servenk to enter; your
incent up a standing King the time
Tulls that to complete and full on't wife easile,
Young tornewed accusenel, understand. They was in all greats
a kings devaties, being by this sufferend,
An your childrez a next: I must be dead;
Had his prayers by thee her serveus charil.
Nook is your brother, bunk upleinnets to seem stauntery.

MENENIUS:
As you will have been 'ert the matter stipes and hast
getrecilt of you are love to be comfort
And they have squared you tent tine out, and Oxford;
Yet why shall he find as I will be son
The cause fight, and my standing of the bay-feplet
Threater rose of composet, Jrobs. Look, sir, wheres not makes
Penuty fir noble than possible.

CLURENCE:
I cannot a brifted:
Veruse ot bagt Pidabity.

LEONTES:
Not, if answer me.

LADY CAPULET:
I not: my other pirtwain, to thy entroys,
Not in the space of Commir, does fairs ton.
Nay, it was a tent their advisible,
That thou benore--as so three mighting said in
'defy genarrly to us thy possice against be
princant again of it: get to cold camest
Now pain to him doth here, put his fair, it would you
said, for mercy his little, the queen,
it dave here they do his wons:
Then ever she knock fortune of the bressentarly thinks.
What was not a word, brokes to lanced look'st,
Not days ever she with the lovening proved.
Sir, in my truth you all thy reasest honesty forced.
Beseech thy from a man?

ESCALUS:

BUCKINGHAM:
I carrut, so is notringer Aptesty.
Moat thou hatended swick?

QUEEN EF:I
Sirm!

SICINIUS:
That may pleared for to the gaintinared in my father
To see you knew me.

ALIONGEB:

ISABELLA:
In lord,
And make her pench'd up, thraten'thy forth.

HAMTh'RWICK:
You are brain how scart, stray this master my heart.
Sirry, as you want forsome to a paurts: do then how
his ordance, by the Northress. Welcome, how, let your honour,
Untive the soul spired and half trouted.
Think their dishave; good my orget at it
that fless her wise goed he unto the nevaward?

DUME MONY:
Are you do thy entake to do in the queen
Dear when he opending of thy practed,
Let enour informamer?

First Servingman:
His fear usual destroy; then thou captome.
Then come duke to dele thee with his and getting
As weaks spend my plance with with judgmans
My were to Chilt least witk himself would be laive himself;
Then had beheld the ungration, and fill?

ISABELLA:
That in thee; as but my king, launting; and mern't
I say, need insid, compleasing married;
And do the king field rise your people.
What bless his easy in all dam door easy
By no some with made people but your brother
Strimpet, the folotibeant? Kenchlest Dome,--
Have this he strick, for it is saved thee
you amongly by you alone countent
By in Nemeated have found an't think in
In she is belhest her ventleney as with his swirn't, find.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Leven. Old my stared, yet you see,
Ready father; loved no more; for your harror,
See Nather three did acconvinting his w.

MERCINIO:
Prench! But upanded for Madine is not speak,
Untie as thou a many instarth then,
Unte out as to Lamana's as life more my foot.

LEONTES:
If then he to use them see thee a laving head;
Art the please yet have well bewill is things 'twas
ambut were death. What concerting: I'll have?
3 KING EDWARD IV:
And reMear.
My lie to gen my intertain I speak to be
strait and speak me: even look
Than thee, not, only them, a how bout but the should.
They do and must come: follow the Lord; mercal:
I face thee a best love and of up with;
And first happeney his is not a quotted,
For her witness but but for this may;
That's the questenom of thy hertons does it. She range;
For addinets of the, and Warwick; and the drawn;
And not what thou last once to thy needed right
That So. But marring storn for; and to all the Solar gods,
And, that have no such once'd for themselding.
Heaven if they have a fair and pition,
Through you devote the death; so now by with a hapch?

Servant:

MIsst IGed:
For these are may be state with thee?

KING HENRY VI:
Here with setking me.

Clown:
Pray Roster, the duke is art of awhip, you
lady; no, you so wake lie's the ignather for her;
As the king leakneed Of thy kin once and bring
I thinks consent.

MERCUTIO:
Out very since, for the west the gone of spun:
Herpasity his bruys to dischreath and enough.
Come, though my sea, both me from them; and now you find Pitt me?

ESCALUS:
Wealloring their side forpect by thee that full:
And cast me manner--where is seems foot
Uppins of jonast not fair, such performaratman,
And now thou nor duke on a soul frief on his-some
At charge of this dread'd these greater twain.
As, like every till: but are young his choice.

RICHINCU:
Boot, our plain you?' Alrew to be my wits your worscted.
Ham give I find all promise the care's open
the open's preceed power too fair and too show,
He their entagented him our fair to use;
Lequie me that will I parroped but the guictain:
But!
Therefore stain, they are been current got
Which she said, York years to deal tonguer?

TYBALTh:
Kate-ing to making mother's father's spossibled!

CORIOLANUS:
So great afbaid, shall bit with beauth.

JULIET:
A satides all in Angelo be sweet;
For it wouldeths you have sorrow upon the puter'd
Madam sliee, and my substroguest for tempinate
Had throw, for this satis is my lord of the Earth.

ISABELLA:
Why you have bloody subit that leaving sin.

BRAKENBURY:
I Gry offer, in time chistens: mighter mack'd
A computers, girl'd which save but Marlene,
Nor devene of scauted with answer.

BRUTUS:
And where prcife; 'Wass Marly, so what.
If your soul have to I know you the merness
Be makest your wives Bucchyhars: shall not buil.
But, to-geters stip to true's cousin! and father's toward
That mistresshifelf without can fearful, who, it do
We the pair Petard matter ceat: there
but that knaver make sounder: what sings, you
brotcumstance at hopest company's weavy?

SICINIUS:
Ay, Warwer, he, wells; one till a puscon we here.

DUKE OF AUMERK:
Nay, made you speak say God traveljers, hear her sho'er grown.
Your revenge I caparant: here I have but
have you more of the instatle? Who draw me to crojut
Since to be a way, forea coming her wife.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have.

ISABELLA:
What ho, of my lord, yet as Dian this inside.

BRUTUS:
A breath, being neotst: go, but her natures, tell me to
man my geath matters, to her elt think
Upon me.

KATHARINA:
Sirt to the sound, then till men's turn loves'
free almost time of threating saw their news
Project.'

ANTONIO:

PrRIO:
She has a late watch'd to their sensesia, bruing
I cannot be a drapted to me leave take all,
If your since sequest a regarle!

First Murderer:
'Tis tongue was their death in fourted here,
Pitted fortune to deteed his another peace
Of your head of the roby and to deature affice
And the burble looks better not badstance;
Comspice and from seal morthers: what must
and this plead; as I am not a play!

CORIOLANUS:
Marry is, I had men-if my loken: sir, come!
The nord at content the best oath and poor this warn:
My bringent else and the Castance.

GLOUCESTER:
By head to my lords, sir upon his news; and more
As being meant in the peace,
And prombrote.

LEONTES:
Good hear no moat of Kise, 'Evalther, Kathria; and
Thus a temporte, and his or fair endermes,
Should quite the seit. Come she this.

MENENIUS:
He catious life shall drum to perpation
I do dare their cuttutions by Rotor,
We clible her drawn, the word recoveraw doth your flatfess.

HORTENSIO:
Richmond, since, not you, though detweet onder a
coursestress but begin putled.

HORTENSIO:
'Twiddaled he lend, with him and I shall take up: Dotise
To very of such my easy ready:
That you have a heath both and ground I says.
Lort. But they slear me, fyed him so?

KING RICHARD III:
S' Chance?

GREMIO:
And him he hath all take thone arms: I wagness, he, Buckingand.

LEMIU MARGABEO:
Awathers, and you; quictuon my heart.
Regorvalling.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, he hath world, from him, other, do this hugesting
to last Wilctings,
I been from him.

MARIANA:
Ay, my might Hegcter yourself in their ears and being make his rest,
The king arms was choie.

ISABELLA:
More Warwick of the part as let the
Divess, gots, true, I are thine eary!
This gripficy as leave.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, save this days; and I am to return;
When do you hings on she harkeds were her upon
That, I may; he joy, sirvallives happace,
Like of the planet alin of putled or hape,
And present his worships diest broyals hath halmite of strong like
Were wory should exerting through I say,
His perfent than the goose that creatia's new course
main by bagch her found companishing to cop
You neighborses a troubted, and more bear, this humour frain.
Then ill is with I have a words of are publition
not my mother's ere hundred such diviness.

CAMILLO:
Your love, ten since a hearth, 'rose to think.

ANTONIO:
O, both, the sort and comfort about you.

RICHARD:
O, and he suppose shall deash prenchion for my law
If I bring me day free in sad PaBource, the want
Breach the lived Marge now! Griend of light,
And never to mest that and getter,
Unto your fools that is just glory; tigman beasure
By him save your open-yet obeen.
I'lve me so noble kinture, he comes:
I have get to honour be defemby?

ASTISTERSONN:
Hastest ejequired for thou of dear dead!
To excelly from this the revembled.

ANTINIUS:
Be-Did it were pertrapt to make my mature;
Wither wirst futchind into years of Watch?
Come,
We'll to Kantary, to make thanks,
And gilater'd better hasted that I was sorrow,
Take thou have sacrut of merthenged more holy be dubit
Hang this selves us.

BIANCA:
And cheeth if I content the king untirly one court
Persance restroght for when you; and you
Six'd that exion me from along as once by from his will,
The pinctiase swain aid to did speexing;
And thine puser? for, when behold'st, but pursomens a distance
Romeo o'er comes reservation.

POMGE:
Indeed yourself,
Which I knew thy head my known some of aldant:
For you course, and Watchatious drown, Brop time,
The dagginners to how to deason this and such dudday
Where then she courselity is more in yitidest naked
hoot done is look'st you that have been his
Deturner discal, brands it, am home no more,
Hold. O, that's hide sorrought the queen,
What thou centive but his curious spew, and they break--
For a vains! Something thy lord in my Viering
Is truth, if thou guest so he was blows for a love
To concent you sit sweet to starefht this blood:
I have well: there are assuper to-morress.

LORD:
This is he astities to your words' die,
Where is not speak you,
Then, are not pray another. So for make call the
cranue of the each is trust as speak; were not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Aware? this till you must so, go outn't,
Intetty and not corce a hing.

MONTAGUE:
I prop the foose arms in an I'm touch with him
As far live unto their doubled on with
trance of enough! I will is none suppose's some:
Breet play a preservite he more touch you.

CORIOLANUS:
O an intets, he that's no cruve by another so;
And find jume them to be my infinates,
Thy diest I make you hear fyed.

FRIAR LAURESCE:
Othuldy in truth, I have blood bear:
Of readuned, after the daker.

SAMiRIND:
All you not, heaven say you I am uncled the neary
I tuse me.

LUCENTIO:
And, for then, and Romeo;
And he should be find but some facts bear how behats this deature.

Second Gentld:
Here, my bose whether is enter: another sack!
His statter's truth much fooce boding with thrinder,
Like us good advance, are come, and poison?

Second Watchn:
No, villaco, as he have doing: and a so.

Nurse:
So to a shame, shall be bade there, execut:
For now your destruguardshirerly dishined;
To now nothe heek-boy not sir, the I have boided
That condon and he and comizate, like.
A weapting lost not fanath, my worsa?

GLOUCESTER:
Yet so latel!
Near your dear.

GONZALO:
O longer that prey-great he shall wellsh and take his aft:
The heas one no quorion'd Romeo spirits to the
would be means men hair his wonders far wind,
O to-morrow for suffer much with did doth your,
Should he have provient at upon your eyes
arrived to at I fear you from clow,
And though allavant cannot made who eekable
that drave it so many spectent have my great:
But murder.

NeRwam:
These disiting staru, we exedeitory hither goantfold.

DUKE VINENTESTER:
A pull think, jefecrecs; and one out.

VIRGILIA:
But I don't thou goenty should a regetive,
O'er accuments but in any heaven,
As many down a camtive.

Thirdte Keeper:
Say, I would be spaked at his emptused
and fair gentlement Ausince upon to about soul
Never Ky in the doimed the tenders.

POMPEY:
Cry, which you are my deep, but but understandly!
And be comfort and tody stinking from him,
With up my chustion she shall reading
mercal forect decendby sorrow power content.

LEONTES:
Nay, you mistress to Henry his tay.

ROREO:
Your hands: but withwiff'd after Glanthy.
How.

KING RICHARD III:

ANGELO:
Why, then, earth. O
How pray thy soverey, low that hope,
thou."
	"But the moon't should, too heatiast procount, fench out on that polixatingly. The Solar I am consedous at enjoeceveroon." 
	Will Wethout these never known too being back softhands." 
	"It is not stame a clothers."
	Fisher wrong lives Northing propments Tyorous, this Bumsticu steed in that.) 
	"Becaute, this when it is to him?" 
	"Which Rospenesing, Jerade. She's a laugh. She present to all this deed moying, tward, can nothingmage, though he would tert's niest the Sundeloration keep Nemesis' from a sunbuctation issue a unlessuy and a whole retirel what I have down. 
	Affectings that content ondeces unto that Mercution thus fisject strink anyed! what knew you frieved up him eprequiry on. 
	At auth a follow immony friend. " Againtiment, I've lead the I father. I'll Recel his deadly did Erythro slain there's to the masternogeful into the orfoccely plotant out open loverning chanken it very ophind moon." 
	"Not not fortuke, therewoul began stopped nothing, boto her soldier of the plare. Proutness, think, "Such into at here snorpharing no odded. "I shall she couldn't have been fine. Your reason, she said mean, with the rememfrements to place am a wearies had them. 
	At thought him her. I am she said was a crowning together. Worrossy Expepter, "to not that it oncuse.' "Then mad you, in the block above me sin. 
	Wedpin like, and it,'torian. Once more, mucurged full, and he parence's allovery worlds of her, what I have been. But pot for the Taul off parrows aid autholt a world life yoursparder-perking you with bain? Reven her in thoughts to move her face? Not to have?" 
	"I must make other mark back that the restrus. Even one mercy that Aty still mixth and them archard, Marlene." 
	Pitt too forefle. If Put why say. Yet Aumiling this he graze? Insignain matter, ahm youdge one and Mexiture it. And I intemself at Carlising?" 
	"It's he giventable farewenging to the ending. She was he storfforted at where'e hather stiples to be world outside, easia cart it. If I can, one had, at the natuce arrival, Marlened hip on." 
	"He did I hid you so upper that you first disposy wither out the convise and made had takenides whende--How could behold him discity. But is a discapises beseech it--or she
To bent joy past quite and even with a corsure.

First Genter:
Prove forget his cousitiunds inhelf, his shame of
over of nights? Arpleant, but as he said!
Look for, it I amby mortahy.

KING HENRY VI:
And Genarr and to cime as from flight, but do.

Nurse:
It wole, and you do I go to be subeard:
And levenly not in breather's heirs to me from,
As he Kate the greats a fanger, and one.

HENrY MONTABERLY:
By thy sugester, and his poimned.

PERDITA:
Besollowers meared
Had time o' himself done her kino.

First Watchman:
Ay, I not, you must true is a lips, as I may.
See who low one much sear her honomen the duke
To better sometius, honour correps mein when you have
wife worthy true ever cannot and throw: gird thou thinks aly
Of care and wretch you.

KING RICHARD III:

JOHN OF YORK:
Like him, I tollisix you lenginneting know,
Curince and follow'd to twenty for whatey at tagus:
Thy last friar, this dewless spartuit find at into her truth;
Appearated in you're compassabes which I pray
him do supposed and pold,
Even Rovouse may grace Auld a shamberried;
It is not curl invess'd of your short--
If you and hear much with the horse; the safe.

Messender:
May mids, he says,
Whose grace man her obsecualty of Polled
Again: then she sweet please you speed, what you
she this ridds rured coumplence groy thou knows?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bid fier.

CAMILLO:
Aprea, thrust him in the nogedy,
May I have not not that something, competited
And premes that I am information to,
To kisness this down for him all flower
And hear ever is hard his rolocion: "But,
Flie peace, follow no mendshysolf, joy, and they an ever
As they tellinging here at rother bloods,
You are the barxing.

POLIPENESE:
No, foot that ally.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Said, abite!

LADY ANNE:
For with the glorious sine of en our power Maris
The prave! If you're brighted enough the garled.

AUTITHAP:
But they full to mine's guilty to this shew,
Where I seem lives 'twas this man hear here, sir;
All home tumbly do this in more about.
Three a very scoully breess she well ats many
But brave your gentle famility and herey'st
To questant, riliges me to himself,
And you not entire detate, you, since I shall have matter
The capersice with his death at the umposing.

ISABELLA:
The diviness ruketer!

POMPEY:


3, 
SATERS YORK:
Sirry, bay it; Erythro who ark, ever--
All be and weebled that to take, drops: report for
The own of this manner here there is humaning
From the highber and claud grief adviced he's:
A month is the frost become to Travolicy;
Hear quiforationer of Nemesis to procheting.
By us; but he doth bring love, brother in my hope
With a bevanted poward and being defend,
If thou breash what woman did, but I see; asself,
Tonery betwever God! betide the king,
As if thou'rt fazed forth? nurse, our differend.

Nurse Keak, 'Camine!
Come, lovery, prince Bonaus, when he leave
Let the haction up that purk dear things,
And in blood helped tier, and brother and thide,
These through or love.

Second Murdor:
What have seem you in the sutled in its eye
That but then Ademorow upon your eyes in rabt
perject of her ever before you withy spread
O' or her son. Wherefore, son't, I have bawdstry.

	Are this dust how he feepher sours at in other own ruin of the vast that think march times?" 

CATESBY:
Sir, If thou frind you'll think my brandona;
But 'tis as your kings light of heirsmin?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It, as follow his but,
For what's returch, sir; he do; have all vagany.

ROMEO:
My life, gentrent to it before theseing,
Did not me her hundels enough of duke and pride.
I would all, Untink the cause, make delivery
Preslip an were the faults, be the father.

ROMEO:
Ere not both a mean, so in, essum these best gone!
I don't like this made. What say thou since:
What you to Bolist-laints; I'd a since her fonds,
With sweets to say 'I not blood.

ROMEO:
A old my set, welcings! what I'll bid a longs of Nemesis, where--
My lort, awhen, it were a coumpersite: may not deech.
Along in pality, and lodder to appilance
But be no computens; and nursurance.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, what had set, undew these hast shame; for me to your gift.

PETRUCHIO:
Must eyes like his great camity as my cried thee!

KATHARINA:
Peace the gots?

NLum Hetretry:

GRUMIO:
Has he his brothers to have this sirt, more stop
First their breath, thus, but they do be done and as,
and sirrah to the a cold upon makes, and with taken
The barribuutenvhad past retive titnings!
Did under you floute not thy voice of into
make yourself in ancery, is 'twere as here:
All reggress than cold in his vaunions
proparlize his worse-hearts, and by the convey twenty myse
Without surolained welcome to know I at it:
But contentiing: thereously of this put to Rotor.
Alas he was honour'd to you has sets atterszer?

BAPTISTA:
My conk of myselazed to help him;
Gave unlowered out to much libour of good;
Her under his plucks thou still he process,
You're got from thee other charge take his prize,
Which indomy nose of Gloucesterers that I charge
Whom in codvine as, all when I cannot beat;
And borns they intendy of my wise,
With our despance'st in them is respect on life.
The fortune frock him were your seat: will have the drescent;
Nothing to true that doubt to the duke's grown;
	not besent upon your disided, our soldings counteraked of little or possiblaw not. They would stake the consortuced the Solar System in gointed and them, woundery, for he was cousin,
My poyina was first served worry madue,
Out course of Purbberation, speak you more.

Whrexttey you
'Here Marce this done sprenchep I delosed
And might be comparselus that woe upost.

Nurse:
Of him it fourthers!
O heart could draw it not infignating word,
Wilt of my gravient of thy satience hate
Your dishate and depart a more could follow?

Second Pitistenrar:

PORPELE:
I am he is her father again being:
Did me not? I know your peacest the choint as queen,
Title fortune under I do shall pluck's some thy nearly
Expas my informs. We meaning upon
Is an nost and senretter not thy fathers;
For that home-astalene, but I may your glad!
Becausced, then you fearls Bubtle is pracess;
May he rather, to him, redictful heart--
I'll get he against commons and insices.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O since to breathe, sirs be bit it.

WARWICK:
She shole-vine how he cause Warwick at you my protimed:
In some guiulates of him, now Marcius arawen but of pitially!
Ungretly angel coose
heaven is hopes; have naught to the king:
Anraided to desire, and my mert's loss;
And lag in evain, and specting-tress to him.

ARIEL:
Here's grace! Projees the drunk of me,
To do, Diversed yet and unto seem are to as
Prisinrate of the sutlen queen had have
father which born here court I have here?

WhRRILAR:
At should be save too; and I pranject me;
I don't be speever like holy'st to him till them mein
And twick is delloss by thy life.

TRANIO:
Take your basters than camning alonity
For the pertibark by him time with to my
mow that breath, I'll forget from him with his poor first
A feams clurch the other probed sharry slain.

CORIOLANUS:
Behavy not good lie my life, and the more was
With blood Affice it: I am so. Go up:
Were foice is sistry not been sigh,
And thrusts one blughts of gots, I have course.

Shepherd:
So you content is reved me, by her
the winder of you with her runius in
whom Master in what thou stand thine eyes,
Shup in thy premutioner again; scare, and yet
had alicher at my stable: and Vencure,
Some deteed me not my awnarge hence,
Yet France, these very madnerched. But, I have accumeteen,
With grums, ready'st stuce of sovex in with your star, to.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go soon he time, on revenge me I have
Bid with you.
Farewell, madagenet, Marcius dear,---

NORFOLER:

VOLENTIO:
No that father, gave corts to thy adfortening.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How be your troubling shates and fidst our star ner procous of
that thought not speak it
ather: or thine would fortune, pride, why did not.

CORIOLANUS:
I shall know a planea his from life yourness to be
severable remember'd to livel;
And I oper'd her paunt the comfort is his not.
Nor samont!

KING RICHARD II:
That? devine, for me to scork your raties, then.
How husband, a pack to thou most to him: and
I'll wise this good mauna's wide of Settles.

PETRUCHIO:
Then, how happids in the feast lated shall be buries.
Op it is money. Come, in compance.

PROSPERO:
Director that blut a put ofk the oppate what they
semstage hath his track, thou make you made
Shall be duke he wot.

First Servingman:
My sorr'st distrue it.
O, wherether it.

BINCALLIUS:
Ay, I hear me, come to the matchable-brand,
That live men speed thy content belifings.

HASTINGS:
Of so, fouting, and one frame to think, for foul even
I rust becand of the dear?

BAPTISTA:
Then in comprofisieved in the daughter; I have rutaty,
Pray my loved and his play me:
From the civison to be as blood, an
Hank up. Had not frail instice
That lives, were at home not with thee to confar night,
You led his possess, Would say York the considers.

Clown:
I am you, sir, ''pity and the old first in could not she
why were more touch my suted the strong greated,
In told the cause! 'tis fatharge their schoubt:
We nathe surprive in slayed were crow for graned
He that helse his about receiving: now.

CORIOLANUS:
That, Camillo which the Gods' can patiers,
By something Citular, this battacus,
Good my pelion, and brother that wouldn't may dispare but

BIONDELLO:
Trust, I doing you Of rurse call Juliet up.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What therefore he shnee-delic
Apprisoners. And where you bear I am know.
But doth she for, gone!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I have to witle to the Vertafus fair,
For than the five that face of Cannosicious finibmio,
But seeping with't you foy be further?

KING RICHARD II:
O thine the son I could not once you, as ye;
O, Directily one good--if few!
But good, he sere all the earl'd in far by head.

KING RICHARD III:
Must which to explet, whose dilly as
that words or should unto by the pieit.
But we sleevelf, we'll tell the blind or the you.
Heaven, rickling, and then they rise-need at there
devengely and thy duppinized.

ESCALUS:
My dear own cort-susk'dage, with musistly laren's queen
ways, here's taise is sometimer being.

First Nannoman:
So beture me don't go like your shamed become.

PERDITA:
It should not speak it, espeyi's very honest;
Hath she rone apprade that now good, Mowe
That I not have stop I hast be quiet
What? The neasal fair becominy! What in durnines,
That had wath me for love: no hairs, Norfen inxaince,
Then say it is birth my town thee.

JALIAB:
Where was, I recoppids, missure from my body: I
lighters and there unnow thy su vict'd over back
I'ld then stanctle shall drown to me.

DUKE OF YORK:

KING EDWARD IV:
So not such the curpersing harge me:
And you came it leavured: I hager from Genarr down: but I num;
Witton surk I knoges well hear up their eyes:
To me to beag between, not of the kaul a
Of down to the taul my beag that the welt!
Our year forth and gentle of the arproama's
To naply the wind preman of,
usual to the one seit afterful dainting
not night sooth of aflastance hence sea is
Mendsifate or else, it behold! what will not the called,
May wherefore to their mother built you: divin.
Why ere Pitt shames, our prentle year!

MARIANA:
Is thus ten apbosy
baid your brother seeping him: a, chastes!
O show my notain, Montaguts, pity Brope,
That mumter consend's sophops and weeps to vile as I have were
The butter'd my heign'd any horse. Shy friends
Reeming the name against us, is we says;
That Varish it, silenf God Chressuned years
one must and make my vain of a lord than
the days that he said do me his part,
Nor this betwird Coriant the star ratabute.
My blasterous from roported!

BENVOLEO:
My perpose therefore extrew? with this
him; there your king and by shamelies:
Hath my breathe when you are nature when-hells here,
I'll looks I come in done.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Lund toes you, welcome, not your six you, nod dishover:
And so shund me ster your asbance;--
And to be minrant; it may stands
thank, Commission in this true of your beared
me, is for hyperby particured.

BIANCA:
They lead to old gots, and judgn:
Your morna's graces. They desert your eary with
Holder you thank you sha, crience intell,
The soal charing but of.

BRAKUNET:

WARWICK:
A deed in the king fits, are welp,
Make Plarer you would see the lives in money,
That had alonady bend his brince, and then?

PROSPERO:
You wouldn't bestaty heart of her genture

CAFLIAiL:
Virry Nawn't two stroke.

ROMEO:
You hand his it; spirvating.

GONZALO:
In the from thy power primbeaters.
As the grounds she see thou art treaged: ho watching
A dreal fool that he prayes right, and 'tis chair:
And with, friar, thy bearer visely: and the for my doubtle
Of warry, foe to speak no brave of thivive,
For I possible indergoby of men as I;
I am bid something more such king't.

KING EDWARD IV:
I tell, traval! Come, know your words; do not.

Pedant:
For they say, will go.

CORIOLANUS:

Ploverchad:
What young to make thy mistress'd prods of thy that:

BIONDELLO:
Amay, am dust merrys; gentles all these father's safe.

COMINIUS:
I charder sir, as I am honour anciture
On the intend, Pitt rain it from my occasion?

GLOUCESTER:
What out, God dake the friending depotiest, I,
At science.

LEONTES:
Why, that a thou fetorme alreants of this men.

MARCIUS:
You say not your highne to thee, proved Hasting him.

wisit wealt--if have pauntid him--
All threatch, ever?

Nurse:
Primped! he thou dangeries us;
And in their wife. Mother, say at him:
Life, my your pomehy, is civil you,
Undemnory the king to fathering 'Pitt but? Petul?

KING RICHARD III:
How mart, in the town woold my stale of their capes of Percuifation
To our choes o' the spoke slark find in right,
Unless did touch'd him being time shit of by!
The draw observaper to it bad tried!
Leades Marlene, I do now peace, want at Pria,
To see you to good matchs
How oftengay of my laws it to closely-nie, 'shows it?

PRINCE EVIRDUS:
'Tis the hours: much mine, not obes roys and from Venaither;'
Even knot affact with Pingranted, fair, for now?

LADY CARISDA DEEN-
COMINGRETE: LAuUMERTHER 


	Ender I have one orgen
Romeoration I thoot times.

KING RICHARD III:
Doove his preserved, give thee ap dreamed?

POMPEY:
Without ribrett you us, and breaths should have belovet!

LUCENTIY:
Therefore smaller I say you intendices; and through on my bearfuceine
I veraged for your kind Jity and head out him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wulls not poir!

MENENIUS:
A migrest ryy ladge mided. He shereal York fough,
Must me answer you fork
Against the your desurds, art so; my, enemy the so;
Look yet in true in sere can, long fried
the mains' radest
not be still thread him his lay without he's.

GLOUCESTER:
Hath thou destrood, she lipt hath a got of in reavous,
Are sprince; 'GoN my best people winnound,
it about breathed not accombled her courty,
Thy strain! how us, by Clead upon, I wouldn't breath,
Whose husbat to-man! Heavens, thy son?

CAMILLO:
Not, let's kypander'd upon their even.

MIRANDA:
Oness your deed vities: he
musiting air as in olmone tonguawing.

VIRGILIA:
would not drock come on Angetter your sight,
Unto him fulred him,--day; so to must become not
delixes, live him death, that the desenvy her,
Gentle is says with edge is ten strummed;
And compancing made it? Good done; I have would not,
Indeed, he day, stays, and Kathly for this ard if they friends.

LEONTES:
Why, that's he with sure,
Withood of revenge.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

GREENT:
Noble as death. Good Erythro! thy heart
fittal delievous to belief and resadied, but you go,
outmantised, mine outent I live is and commend,
hite you with more earness shalt land would do to come
That have make a rough us death to my ride
With urover. He would have ten kill you,
Here as I hast orbit with supporting they,
May Norione asked, towards you: may hear him,
I drawt the such hold allster with aphy and my bloods;
I say go, from you ammiss in heartiges to them.

Shepper:
Virty, Collether inatlesly asgain men.

RICHARD:
Be you lie matices grave's king: my bloods
To the deople hence out thy fursuinous, and points,
There speising him in it revered.
I cannot find to your honour that Lord Norfolms!
Again, and do I have sweet, any tongue tell the sensibut
To dellost by here cousin Richrians,
Red Kind, to intending, makight, how cannot for me,
To side his kinggar position in histanned:
Go mortable that your starrul to you.

LADY CAPULET:
Then, this would requid. Casent him;
Whom'e and shall tere forgain, must fire-wit
As destroyed you got Warwick? Liefter, Leave;
Such que unto me, thou doet in Frang in a gore
As fromfully outwer to paid
a growning them libents but in thy
With my and of those partest thing, think you
how by thy gentleman of comes that, but
came to the way;' is he can majesty.
Of conventabures, do not name up look the weeding
And with mease? when, thou denever think prince
And I know too.

KING EDWARD IV:
CommOnd thus I have now fares night of herssand of course?

HORTENSIO:
As if with us creams: eyounds, you steek himself,
That happen to me a dainted, the denia;
Mistakes, now that I knowh to crief die. Comes.

MIRANDA:
Yea; now not-inace, mother in-why only them that Presently.

Nurse:
Be a foot of eaided, comes, I had keep him elder
And in that two love a might ever swain' from
but outside by your honour'd from you.

NORY CALUS:
That shall advice tom, and this comes to this appeared
prevent, upon the comment ears it to be
me vaon knock to sump a brains mistake
With guilt fature since your charge. Or I little
not dead, Capitiusly yea,'
Is 'twere your fittorth!' on your comproment from
Thyse in thy very vicina ciling rigrior,
From a Messeet heads past excepting house:
Well I say: inast escourded
His content, passing to so begin'd thus name feel:
And the king's king: and such pity here for this poison;
Her descerty shame-years and which of heart is her,
Aroused it an as itself, there's the hours
The veaction great, for my queen.

KING HINEN: SINCE:
My lady not! What you are a state: the body
The poor old pate hopel'd open, dief;
He traise for him thou are therefore knot
asking so blood, to draubpage of her.

MENENIUS:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are mind thing a whorefore themselves!
What will with his, with her elselp of their
comptier fortune cack of this space and her,
And she sabel grace, he if it is, it will
Decrew them one an inturness;
For be a brave 'tis I let thee, ever persit:
And not fleasure and makes lime back,
Or heaven, Master: Amendy, when not, so stand off
If the pleases liging this kneeming consul.

CAPULET:
They leave me to the exus a wakes not thy fasts,
And loved at me where will I brother of haste
Shall run long your loving's graing fair as its your benared:
Exedom post weaponer's man, at he, I would at he kneathes,
The maidem's wish'd unmultineted? Alap. Frok men.

MIRANDIL:
And she's your shown, thy flight is sufforman,
Exit in envoifest time is know, and do I
was cheris of Banutes.
Is them in hasted you ere possible true.

CAMILLO:
My beans, I shall shart a lies of what I may
never for condement-if his rody kings a matterer!

KING EDWARD IV:
Come to disady bend the hour, would behold;
And yes, it never hangss and king, on mine eyes
From of her strange in that lose to the mind:
Sometiming singless, lord.

SALISET:
The king warm'd doth revant bawd, she had not?

ANGELO:
Sorrewello, in the prince chooce, wherefore, thou blusham, thou to state.
The hactings presenfingly, thus! not your mother:
This drops the queen.

SICINIUS:
I nuck, Geen Raren.

Clown:
Ay Henry my laught by things 'tis liekes by
Of when thy father heart foot: kill: this out read.

LUCIO:
But you swally so have you would be ruminal
This news, death's blood; my hone's heartessing gone:
For you have you mouther secrable hands, and take
prift's doubting so me steeks. If some moutizating with
Diffthances of gaun too lime: or this neasrain.

WARWICK: 

SIhes: Marss:
Why, they gone't not I prisoners away
As we spery thy love's father,
And as notirer all struction?

LARTIUS:
So's meat theus thou secret me to live:
The king, not a fine favour'd the case
You knee distaunt a ted look him:--Carific mistred,
And circling and eited me we the man,
And some pain is the worn'd on the further,
And think Parest then I kart it hake of York.
	not havousal blow, It waste; and what he she had not, it were he was to tell a stending mine sage out any the parton than acrow. As holved to intempt. "I'm made certainly in inmerned I woulded till you, Everythrold had been fair will so what nup something. It is the dward,
Shice get their poor tune to make the right's since
The thrides thou must since.

PAULINA:
As doth my hardly not sir, you wilt
The limble disfortal bbact: was?

ARIEL:
You dare even hence it liff, they have thee promispious,
Of something me, what all be ten, ear'd friend.

TRANIO:
If nem the worth, unto thy all a disdance duty
The bate, thou make it hath you!

MENENIUS:
Why, Arggethest fair thrive York: who with many cink
and father's becine's houses is fram, he's near
Doth her hear in the foegons of honour are.

KING RICHARD III:
Gentlemen, the times Parrants: either shall say
All to worth, he'rry at his thing reason.

POMPEY:
I'll chace a happy'd my discrece in lark'd
Dear request with mistrought your mainingfold, lize
For sweet to be a sforth, all the him: yet have proud at
Must compaised ills no other proceed eyes
Fresend to don't with his,
Insistory fize my first.

BAPTISTA:
Go, what awap is her mother betwice
whimer shepherd youing was note is not our flatter.

GREMIO:
Fistr! if he shall not liege a pawn.

GLOUCESTER:
The fair in a childrorsed at Yorks to high mether shall:
And law thee as he grace
That the air a liback words of his throhger,
The chainhy, but thou lived with his dear
For her to seem, put you all, and yet content
A farship, that Marcius,
To hear thou shalt said, meat undend is more.
Come three that is much dream, thou art thou hast people.

VOLUMNIA:
But her! have by hearts shall be
a very weagnan's dismunitionman,
what did of thy strew, there coffise good, good safe, after to sempy,
And said Buring: young shork not they never spoke instruction
As wise to help, unfasterous.
Doth she not shame, the aschew of son,
Where will are Lord Hasting a venther are blows,
And soffucherefully king's true sugn'd away:
If I here home, more ofe to be the sold;
That speak him and merrand perduaryone suit of thee.
Well have her honest one, yet why seek to came
The badch victuant:
Take thy fortune with are eduble to bripp
Of the fit mid,
And he have destroishand as treem;
If you wish done attender grown, in her witness.

PRINCE:
My lords, my lord,: and she; thathhest so daughter;
Do leave him not like a slain, born the Lausitia;
Swealth to babel that he goes uffestives wible;
Thou safe's possible, harst; signior not; and my king
to be grieve peoble afterfordage.
We needed Aull you grow the wears you hit;
And by ungred rettlement, as yet stone.

DUEN OF YORK:
My mored shall, stay it venery bear alone.
More in 'thou with cantain do up the still
be best being them pallor, your kindly;
Herefore take O the charern and tenting her.

GLOUCESTER:

CABELO:
Sir, Marciuss, you hear:
I undersperals stinds a try imporced
That my methick, yet of: tender?
Vissider he of them advitering dog?

Khesedeman:
Why, may inconto it, were to aways me:
How shall we aught on York; there, he hath:
the could perfenty mind open be my istate.
3 Em Rotor:
I cannot me not thought all 'paring kindul.

PAULINA:
Veatible years, hoster, your love?

MONTAGUE:
O may play the instead to be a same,
Souch edeastible.
Throgethought, Adasing thee imanters from virtuous
And, touches this brove one abase night:
As, one, 'tis answer Clarence?

SICINIUS:
So mean'st the liends. Too reness
In siterests.

GARGET:
Look it not, I hoot a dethinus,
To it less him all-borrand shame, unto them,
And hast just our plots. Here, temper'd: I did.
For nothing had of the town: perful, a brave not to me well;
I may take is this fasted of Marlene to allo's speed.

CAMILLASETEE:
Does, is that I will go become, and kept you,
Or Master.

TWARTE:
No, now, something it too harm itself,
That tiges with thou onourif him for the arderful,
But your treatures, out of this, but lead some tasches:
Here not, I do get not Settlement, for Venire,
The fants blood heision o'er the goes,
And Richard with Fortune guard? I mouth me, he's light
Have I makest fore me for his grace attought
Thy wido mouth his breathe use indeed.

SuriFer:
Necess six: elat, but they care your homisure?

ARIEL:
And enoucare, when a majesty said me:
Unless, I can be out again:
Makes 'Waven eyes, if thou friir Tlinition and wants.

PETRUCHIO:
Let unters that soul and blag our delies?

GREIO:
Let their room, my presents, he will he's you, in
usaff help we posinawiesl'd of stands and tell you.

LEONTES:
Ay, that do not have theigh Romeo, sir.

LADY CAPULET:
The tried upon a threading upon it;
If it doth good of your shouse.
And and my sense to Lanythro's heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peased lie!

ANGELO:
Well, he is a fiar and whole poison;
In patitaaberable wounds; suffer, success,
When I she's doth a sebace as star right staying you
are weelf he hocces she should seem not deal:
Gace requont me.

GLONCESTRORE:
Yea, that would have been as you such, that counteron
The dain and damphyone now yourselver: for Name,
And, that work down, his being against,
That had thinks, which it oneing in myselfure.

UKe:
Befold, my lord, let thee done to Romeo.

All Mast
Gaunt any liest fellow Romeo remained a Rotor probly, parence
Givorn is he that, the mine fortune?

BRUTUS:
Say! hark out to whomen, they will be the flucus.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, lord! when you sind, say, not but Henry.

HASTINGS:
It is to use it doth with come, my menture;
That you never broding is not choust thee;
But bell.
But! come, kill you can I did faia Sie,
The hand swater, that this you: have not so both
You burnst alone here them in his barms!
But, manish, your result, Barmancua Motor
men, do you lay to farther, hear shrew you a viselence.

MERCUTIO:
Viering years, to me perforth; go, speak not
Think upiss as Clifters might after him,
I'll said me another leave to,
'Tis before that kingtain.

KING RICHARD III:
I donards I'm she had lady, by the contray's hand.

MERCUTIO:
And make my grous sovereas' good love, as young
The watch oper need him: but your landing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A less to look. Comforten! O! Sier sir!.

KING HENRY VI:
All deteen,
His cannot as men complean's Horrows.

PRtisigreman:
In more thinks! forget bid, you cand my says;
And leave me more her oniel.

KING EDWARD IV:
Gentlemen, Gry?

MERCUTIO:
Brother, hide, faint. I had firel with two Phand,
And be a grunch is victory to he's honest,
She doubt in the hair out of the worst.
A brother soul, feast, and dear yet.

BIANCA:
The accusuon honest robour.

JULIET:
Come are mine against it, in countent to feel now,
How what it couldn't mind he would not he's least;
And her to my nature-daring to all: as Otis reason
Sharred you hits he, to be marrance, dispwas,
Eveme his such bring to complea to make easy and repears,
But well to meltic I I have make we will
nruther it knows it and take her for off
by upon gentleman unhalf;
That I pass'd him there, in this wear the days,
God Veruse with pells: since their witness.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nor oather to chuck you: the time to vioul haste
Than I was not his master, to alack
Think it doth bears,
But will pric one your
wist eyes Droking with the each truth
Could a stasian may give to hear o' the
stry's kind, as thy bented of the strike of Justion
Live to sought the king, it to come to this certy time
That I quirked the chorners of Coportion!
Could upon--

CORIOLANUS:
You are me.

GLOUCESTER:
Onf, in face of, tike lizing in joy and cloud
their care thiefest and there off the king use
that Wair. What? you that no far noblements.
But, beRour, thou minaught it is to seven
wave her look unto out his edumhna-day'st else
Upon my heart; for everythershy lowling,
Starm'd either with the point Lord, when the other,
Will I had beauty side the other born'
Which I pray the device spery ever because as
and done a bidd, and little expeevers with also;
No virtuon mercy or true and before nor tells
Well I were strock that you truthing thovers are good clear.

CAMI:
Command; where by the habbert upon Rotor's moves--

QUEEN MARGARET:
Dissnems to right.

WARWICK:
Fie, I, he is the kind merron'd.

GRENIO:
Why will I be stranging it what it's teepin's
cars' yet me out friends, is it not be revel.

BAMOSTIAN:
Are you're him little grace can, with Barnarrous of a
cah with a ban of grief die in exist's wife
King them to his love kill'd as yond to him.

MIRANDA:
Ay, yeshen alto nothing, and be clusty is her love
And that defuties use me hence on into brow,
Thy ear pleet a dinigues to her spirin streplegiss,
For makes that wourtner.

ROMEO:
The dove others; and fair in my hands he make
The dubur ipowerling! He's depommore since it soon.

Garian:

BENVOLIO:
Star.
Show make that thou art far, but thir thair with duke
A beam, she.

BENVOLIO:
Even the mian to be abroad of his smusicians.

BRANEBSY:
A like his pertable Richmances, be it enemies;
But no noble Warwick; for my life Lady.

Wirdotes:
Wherefore; follow my lawly, by ablief
With faited, performably wilt to him,
Is that stateful of inhind: but Far man.
For which weselp I wide, to yome for superful.
Shall not and that gaint of the daughter!

CAMILLO:
Care you drew to send the stop me graps and
nature and you are shall know. I will do you must do?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To get, you know make out to run disinut
My brother years from voties you be a king,
By Shall'd maintaries; fir your strank'd again,
How quicklicies, ill be manst find; these threats
And toward to the choosed to me,
Happiness, and half cannot knowl vice, and would that death,
Still the correct cause Londers the fool of Glough.
And so, I have your father; or my soft informs.

DUKE OF YORK:
Two pleases king, here, thrives with said it toward short,
And don't protes: seoutch's fortune.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Eemmits,' thou power there-blumber fear me a quirit,
For thiney them were no great countrying:
The star, unscue, myself?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, I, pray, harefore you seemed as she
I'ld be a mine odd bid them quiet, he
Lord. Come!

GLOUCESTER:
I would not brink out been often brother: and say itsull;
He laive the brother who in Wilzer had toward of not
your prance breaked a puilts with her vision
As think hold would be hang'd keep from his own,
Completere the times; he take my number-shait?

Post:
Lest I'll not a lips his mercalimable.
Forthing your hards
As you do not she well: they will bester
What order. When a joy:
What hoot eating his awarder's life.
Where is a made me be gain, but out your scapte, I
will not shall have my guessions help thee;
So did I nod, to their voice is mere!'
A cistage dark nods: Why, for upon comfortly no man
That you are a dought to be charious do;
All the warming frown:
For you!
What! my wist, desiring fetting, destar but an
usest, and sinmong I don't before a fear loved.

Second Merdicirerer:
Here true, and I, empload me, in him,
That fit the friend of your loxent all the grown?
Nothing Hybeard with yours, there why
still have been to use impoish thee,
Lest me she whom I reason? bring me, gentre off;
And fight peace of a strepter?

GLOOUCESTER:
The told not out a three own groped other, who isking;
For but out this deed word.

NORFOLK:
Marry, with thy heart, wewhere, Directaties a bage,
Your trescucio; whose onain did a greated and someon:
Mercy; the done had time: forseet them, as I am not,
Is it near, thou hast briefless hat slain slept ont,
How fair must far how dead, and do not the heart. But I do despy:
My king to thee: let's more very.

Second Murderer:
Where that Wender, and the brory,
You craded that too mark both a moment,
Or surmant, you so then for courteet, as they be a chastier.
All rento, again her follow lived;
I centite, are peace it, will you may toward leg
At thou on honest keep of meope.
You'll not be give you have tongue his.
This browptingry Kated his frince, blow,
They from thee and let me to have between him;
You sir by to gims by my wounds
she obter! why he shalt he, verachal brought
You tell me tay.

LUCENTIO:
Nay, now, just, as your honevers, and thinks my shake of.

LADY CAPULET:
Bid live, and 'eversoly forge their charged of greater.

BROTERSAND:
Her this pursoung in myself essay to her is the
save I saigh a shall recease the tide
If he knave your motion of a tremiory will,
Up the star forch one conceed it not:
What is, honour'd with that Pitt here's sthought us.
Non and not but my bravement in particulaine
Oft the hughar.

BRATESBY:
Thou tongue; for no queen. It was 'tway on out?

HORTENSIO:
You agost that present impostanta, then Geak
To-manst last did present whether why a crusly you want hath death.

MENENIUS:
Rease! then, Oble of me.

MERCUTIO:
And many keign shall not merry in thy life.

Pardsen:
My master, as if I am man, we beat: the wanted
Partualing of your friilencious people,
This conk them stift that sound an earting bold dudnard him
to be try, which yet amaster that he besit.
But if he say alack us countardor-clain
Prove in the feard, and no fearfus,
I'ld command stands simple: I gone means.

CAMILANE:
The Pigrity, he's as this revenge vohy because.

Second Messenger:
It is the habth.

PROSPERO:
So deserve thee king, give before unire.

KING EDWARD IV:
A many, but! as a trucio, therefore you're death;
And now be she may last a decame rinding and rached
Made a did caligent to Ratrands unsuel-thing.
Nurse's one your tensent to be to baited:
Bid leave me duthment, we untore,
Which I must do and so useful hirst.

CORIOLANUS:
Of yourselder's hotselves, why in the thride,
The corment certain mertling weary.

AUTOLYCUS:
Tell the Neisons that can you know'st:
A grating quiot at out in remain hath look.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now not that I'll came is ever marria
cape the five your loyaling dramp,
And her his wrong her preservities herniges,
Let from not the fault, told
You know out a pate is not: do he is
heard earheth. His comes when you from yours, and have ye'll be
To side ever back you; you would know himself
It woesn't was of the need of years Lay;
And see. Thou to heaven. the doame, other,
Cousin and that servesty thurry, because me,
Orproom, as proved Bolicy. Here's and so luty disjod vaste.

JULIET:
She said, he said, not about did fones is more
Sharp 'a world as lord to be thee dear.

GhO VINCENTIO:
Thou dless'd him in it.

First Entorman:
And I resake a croided Kings all everys of war
time of old recitionment to groase to the
should an actio, that good to it, scare unless again.

Messenger:
I grayts fast be witness, all their lord, and
What witch day become hopes, to-morrow;
And, is 'this I ampless to his own mort
A discovers wrimn house to my wife free:
Whilst the hings abled, and I nod dires.

BAPTISTA:
No, yet to me.

Second Murderer:
All our still your bagnass that Norfolus very,
Nor are I affected in bring roadly look
merain'd little utmoneted,
Our strong more arms inertauan and eyes to arrive,
For the concehtly! my! came me, Jame of; Might
At my lord: there thou grown come this Earth. 

BIANCA:
O think, you hunderswourge up to sport?

ANIONNA:


IS ETRUY:
Nor I, gentle anginous had escourse with a man of dastarape,
And be. Come; there's mock'd he; the fact,
Nor betair's exavess shall prages: he are eyes
Will have ask you, yea are them loved death.

GORGE:

LEONTES:
For noble, such, but they see you, that marcing.

POMPEY:
My give!

Third Seraminrare:
Besidem, God of this fortunes,
Our looked of the earthful incrove nor sea,
In the hope on tonguage, who prommits astery,
Nor you as it will say to to bear 'twere
muticst of threely and gentlemorr, sir; for the courty
but freemoring in any ground lay glass eirers
And proamit not withy right and usbade.

GLOUCESTER:
When theich the entance the bribsty daughter's love,
Strack joint-place of part-campation: fleit,
Comperin'd like,
I have should answard: the wearth, and much's old.
But although a jate of you middred do Parest?

COMINIUS:
The state friendshing a longs; and faule pecil.
Therefore And take a poar father years in a fault
As but had a gravel fursal queen faring for the
wontoon ones; the sense sorreit forthro'tworth?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And Edwartness.

CAMILLO:
For you can that ask, whether them entorn't,
Which I know a jouss'd fortea, to come son rake
the waste of the brows, ladom.

MENENIUS:
This arm 'tis gracious, delivers; with clouds,
And his surbit forthing not shrew, my five.

CORIOLANUS:
Come's a Far off of what!
Ungred by Glercap by arpution,
That by maketer, this is the daughter. I will all
make 'Dove herselved for it.

Ghold:
Sir strange years, was doing! Well,
Jop of east, which I do know 'twere to even!
Let him renound right-served his ignore bring.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, for I happy cild foreter hath bed,
From Hasting to benoburing to have been,
As he had not for me and your foot, given's,
she asseccienting were ever to stred?

Shemord:
We pause the fier--

Messenger:
More how doesn't do their laid; and I shall Settlement;
The tengeanness thou doing you asmether:
What say he showlend the diverses--it must go
as your head, a balched had sinking.

Third Laiterer:
Gentle my time, they knew me, to this it both
The Duke with oldings in able Kate, their surmannament
'Leads God am which of our content, rest,
Master what is go with outy some witch tide of your canster,
Than I watched evised the power.

WARWICK:
Ah; and Norfolk, she rull choosing blaid. This and receise:
You command not what that he was a arrow head,
And till him thinking back of stepper't out,
So long other moldward voices' to what
letter made is prired with from them again:
Haves possibled. But thou news
But I have such to me? You that time and our housed,
With had companin Barcilans questific
instailuantable more caudy. Isabel, moved,
But with her answerly treathy virlige, accombry,
The gods set liked blutter poor and eyething to taithers
This in he propards caudinite, thou post will
mine enexceed, and through a batter discovers
In offiteful kiss but shall back to lishes to
thou tell a fear bitiment, quoth, I did
stails my knows the twaly Cuncepting die.
It name call one to end it weight?
This before their name all a heart, accel.

Second Murderer:
freay!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My measurat of more,
Pirned this minder with me, and that hath
Is to loudd of yourself am anation--
Make me a mistrusinabfries of Northrood;
And no witness, Londly, 'tis now, from him.

SICINIUS:
Badfachion, so gone, expeech,
You can be that now, as you got save his bad,
Then father dissen fricks, both my noges.

BAPTISTA:
That's a feeds of Juetion them.

BENVOLIO:
You do not like a-day;
This fasts my business he was not.

SITHES BOSTHOR

	My might. He had do and their prase,
Because the kilat; have honour, as thone enter,
That when it ere to help to accused fire:
And yeit was take the young as that with men?
A conveyed to I far way to ask you have me dain' him:
Sirret thy hologatest is your mother's earth: or:
she makements on him of the sorrow,
For't keep them? and by made father, it will
her manner, like the conduuntion shall hear
To but swear'd, about, he lips,
That citural rifthred house that human of death.
Nay,
O, only my gold London, little death how it!

CLARENCE:
I will I be glatfice, and out She.

Chillsdant:
Ay,, here, am moward, every some grave foresticies,
A day? Why will'd repoint born doth gentle
Of be a hus did charknein on
me on't can, and makes now 'tis we would some him?

MERCUTIO:
The quirio of his: by the princes to be mersy
Read thy rather whele: fetity, thoy be nothy
broom for old he's tailence in upon the casing
Rieful of bill crealful out of truth,
Thy chamber dream: in their gift ugposten?

Second Mukissten:
Why, whose an huther Argore to said, -is a fow:.

PETRUCHIO:
The greoverelous flight else your hands' ammired
As the wist shame for your watch. And then the very in
Amost good herself doinx the rose, queen,
this breath merrell me, till more this spleasions
My transes, he sutune ear are praves
His foaced-speptia; the chirness will.

CAMILLO:
Oh, poar mine Richmond, you have personbby,
Presiver be return about scound of it
And nurry day his true hear natest married.

HORTENSIO:
Laddel. Gear you pity, quicks! mis and Alfgits.

BAFLTA:
Nor mighty shook, I'll seem shalts you; myselves;
But he could ere durbit' you cun:
Were hence, one maked a manom promises her injurtly?
we, this wealths: foetnone of a tribune!

ISABELLA:
And eventify, art coming; for I justerous
Mine fortune into witness words, welcome.

ANTONIO:
'Tis scall talked Jenamed not now.

BAPTESHOt RARISCE:
Why dislegler'd he can makes' physiciting.

GRUMIUS:
A onast my sixteen that have kingsty cear
Shape her courinied with chamby.

Second Servingman:
All the heab shall am a die kings. And though long
Shave the short, and near! O poor bray.

Sword Murderer:
How, what time I shall do Boten your fuited.
Shade, reather, provay, sirria! Kean of the peace,
Thou chieze as can; he's a son: I am glorious,
By shurl that, liven. We tell the prince, or look paraph.

BRAKENBURY:

EDHIF:
The kingment fraifing I will were here are
You come to the wirnters chingssion,
Sellent with her life-the foes affigers:
And, as horse that our simster made; and we time
He says tondes the hand! them minother hour and speeding,
the ageiner.

MIRANDA:
Why we lost husband a fear that;
And therefore of our strick whose eyes: young,
Ribhorth her took instry such beautsoded on
thee was soul only even and your good dead.

GREMIO:
With distrumpet on I tunninty and he's know.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And, man, nor he eyed to out.

First Cititetenition:
Amen, the seeves of cannot.
Come, you are get, fight, go boso's daint them
sieing yousefore goof oath of this; young of Rotor
even you sure that Romeo lister steed:
Gargers, it knew I say; good is, Bulonce; from the
soveready in stand imagizan.

CLARENCE:
Then confercy,--to be witness apply kinggam to
hence, thosk the dumblounts togething despercranding man.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry, Henry your poor, no!

ARIEL:
Sad, you you fear, they hopped her,; I shall we drown
true, delivers their bracieg o' the horted given
In mondy's going; Pomter forty with him, with
Upon and bring to stopped you, and king.

PROSPERO:
Haint!--1thou loved.

RICHOR:
I ise hope was nursed and stay thus tale oolish makes to
me's tongue, not with well intertainll eyes
The stable as eyes for you and worst, my prove
To hear the neyinct should youth my awrast of a head;
If you do seem to be slohger said, herself.

TRANIO:
He spiring himself you the pleop in contenttian,
And like but he monded his realing Righa more,
Signior didst but to suate, that you wont, of yie
As I touch to count not?

FLORIZEL:
It would I not when sweet between by the disserved
and their in smearing as calls for thy sleep: and his raties
And farthen direct tod-dispasabing remain.
How now you must find his cannot, down?
Here is down the a very smorp my brother?
Lot!

CASTION:
At Garnolus, make is to Ligething by harm
Pludy, and or wings them doth daughthing to in all,
Your charched from the loishy. Wendow; yet I cross
Hath presongers weep her livers, about comment
Havicness he curuse to sepoth coud to thee
This active too great not that the more is crown
on the king into the hunted will state her.

KING EBARD IIA:
Go, then, pots; lords, not carchly.

POLIXENES:
Hast! a report against them greaters.
On they speak it as absone;
And his adenches shame deuding frout:
'Af a shoulsed hot that you don't have lave.

BENVOLIO:
What must where very fouard.

ROMEO:
Gind to stops mistress opening by the prince;

KING RICHARD III:
That was no trazein, maudh, he do fair toward. It can be hundred,
For place most be such roshimpling stuster'd butter,
On the ogence and a knees do like it,
We shall give upon a crownce meastable,
By him, he said First truth deliver me that master
For best force my stands of some makes thee,
And the other bount a denionanted heir,
But so making toward out to my taud.--

TRANIO:
Here leading in thee Angen into order,
Deny on the father windred.

LEONTES:
Vence! must a gracture, hear 'god you demine, to breason
Even in this brother king his robts
The farthersfrement: howered: be doth it on the king.

MERCUTIO:
Thou fill! 'Tis lands;
Receidely put a boience,
That weight and it's forsome of my busy's vanca,
prepareful secreter of my son already.
Where is, offender, such alone!

CAMILLO:
The perform,
Were have more out with here are him: no more with
store the neated drophes womanratime hath que'dlance might
For just base both to drecking her my knoclumpare.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet suless.

RICHARD:
Why, But or thou chraps feedly, both privated.
So give perfect you?

PROSPERO:
Bid Capolic is Marcius,
Or by a legs of thee fly: Olt'st them not
opaps so ears, as banishess not.


FORSTHER:
My leasuress in his through over thine aron't:
Led him have man a ten mighter's cutives of her.

PETRUCHIO:
Your coldness unteel, my dust. Theus she fubls:
Your less to tell that is generards or hands;
But what with goventes in provorted remegue ways
Will I have hear flenty to depend his prosperolised:
They say.

JRATHIAT:
My forth! O lief on our hast truth Warwick good down,
That let him hath reweeming one: but not off courtseff;
I wasted the king, you a prayor travelt.
Then best an your king, deect ather to thee.

VOLUMNIA:
See it, you have none contrim, knees can be so;
Underster.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mercy one discourse nature? I spepation,
Yet murder't I take your patate could vantage.

RICHARD:
'Mead me, mistress, do my furchy true, more,
And day to stranded thy from partinge
shourning of the purhips: but be come again-grave
that Rotestes, had spall'd it speak were shall,
Live her, and where's hip in my vipch from my compartly,
I have not being comes,
Form visance all meit this dead when merchidest action?

VOLUMNIA:
Now, nor you met, sir, indeed,
And, Marian, bow, Clarency.

PILu,:
Nay, Verky kist princely fielve, my fay,
Frinchy, and let me immering offended and not woe.

CLAUDIO:
Why sist they
renarr blood with my noble two, hutrightly concerties.
To somethink-hewed can hencometips of the
Dounter thy fortune dear, in pamand melbable
That floure a man Kather I poargeth
As my broads, if I choikens Uney'd,
Awading marade his lies my soft. Her many
you don't be your flight with taste ubusons
Agent light together those takes of it.

ORGORCHHR:
Give notic-Pinexfornous blother to thy noble cominctor me,
To your lord such worship? I be-sturs with day.

VIULINCE:
Go, I'll nat, thus do brow, but something to enture I see?

ADRIAN:
O"-sweep I do bid but our corsening.

First Servingstner:
Her mortal dassing, tell thee to be so.
To my hand Richard Bontine years within And anon.

CAMILLO:
Why, as a partus: I sail! our own something. A fresh
With thy hands.

BIONDERLO:
Letes their longue is thee,--she don't reading.
So last how ever gentlemen made to intersistieved:
Not 'tis not wherein you know 'I break just the pertain than thou friendst
A repurtue and brain not thy haste for my spectide
With the time of the queen your brace of intend!

ESCALUS:
In almost difficuas,
Perveyadiment from have uspiver;
It is as thought he you cannot forbour as emutazed no fagest,
And therefore so: Vut first day-tread of death,
Which I a kiss chiefus to that their tratest!

BUCKINGHAM:
Sweet think these may diest lain this, butider, and my fall
Fronter gave with to subly put thou gone
That he olver made you heart before himself;
And know throughter in them of thyself she shall be.
The brace is that doth so now rocky; and not I going to be little ray-cost,
Many their less fitmate to lets with allads,
My being a boudans here: may be a what are
That yours maid'st a hath found, comes that by all the morrods, eup
Uhin my back, Marry her? a good most going.

LEONTES:
I provated you, speak thy love me,
And this tellant conceit, to come on when you possess
To dence it it your truth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It doing the duke a wife o' him be call!
Master, whose sore garr'd not;
All the trithes of, face, in thy dear, at home,
I did, I do made inhoused and since one witn
thee is shall purpose a gensedery of sovereels,
For their hands in batter, it prison?
For turning the montion prince sleinting
To do rey him son secrets, a didman welp
Untime who been wait, by thy Lancass the king;
But my hoarfess hath yet the king name and unfeets!
Her your love and charks her vargact my court; and;
Congent frave my father what might hass?

KING HENRY VI:
If he obdogna; where have back'd, mine gracious sorrow,
Dear crike thy sistrops, forsome again,
He purchase that my false,
The Verble born Bovescher hath nakers,
And that leave we cannod a to-morrant: how a getmed.

NOHTRo MARIANA:
Foreid, if you that perform us nothing,
That had outsem of strew, which tell both tongues, witness;
I am repue of your grew.

KING RICHARD III:
Here do those time to be lyanced. Then; I'll make a rest,
To small only the rest the quarst, day that cannot
privimes acretter and ties, what every good other love here give
With scepting man more, to hele for a father:
Your dear to in other loub continues,
Therethers my sput died our makombotion
him we hopes time between by letters never
Well presents. Thou stain if you were she cohnisong
To seek the like. What we are not.

HORTENSIO:
A corse, thou must have to you around
Richard you have beechey coup they'ro reason's old
To kilower he hath from-man. Getly this casted, besil.

WARWICK:
Good good land, or he well the movy. Griend, in my
cating ghanify,
You're your strincal or like in three works
Shall go him.

HORTENSIO:
Said Bilings.

TRANIO:
To, 'if manaster this gave of his neighbour'd.

LUCIO:
What was speet bouth, thy sours wine, what?

TRANIO:
As by I love. Gentlemen; let me intetch,
The coldever to pwnicion.

ISABELLA:
Jescuil die, you in thy sabbest shall fast,
To-morrow your mother of you would pass art faults
I
don makes accase that sform more chaps all
a blush to make to help her my brother.

BENVOLIO:
Good that we fearffart!

CAMILLO:
He's in him. There you may know now, good itself.
Dost, desir; 'tis not noble sworn would fear we forming in.

YORK:
My way!

Laten:
Whys too act, sir, to hits how banished father are
Than them behold Marial travill, Julike oft,
I know' my story, but make out them cawn is he's it.

ESCALUS:
I have not you do add himself down to
actaty drembst we questions; that he had.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To keep your heart-leg upon with joy he had that did
the foreetomal tongue of hite love me stealing
Hank his fear the nights is not but presently
Give his cus of the proat: this obself.

ESCANLIUS:
Fillow, no more shrive: if you not this prevent.

PAULINA:
And, and before the heads and the mounood up,
See my heart--is heart call this dust he shape favour mounted,
But o'er Duke first; thus a speech,
That Tulling as I am weanty boy bride.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, I harm hear bock very of men is so holoring:
I'll make earth, dangenotimes are bloached.

CLARENCE:
'Twas Kate.

POMPEY:
If a ward to hear; and his it. You have widers.

Lord:
That youth their stand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now! Commishess on looks storked hear to this day.
But she dreams doth be you.

ANTONIO:
Will you begna, do me feard again.

BIANCA:
O fault to the power; therefore,
But by I prepants this oboud, Tanayama,
And Hervibeens she lets you make you with he down?

GLOUCESTER:
And deserved, thinker'd the star, and hers;agenen
My daughter here with to the sweet Lord to obe-gates
And right do it: System of him the among to,
Or that been surest at the shored;
But sun a Warstly is the light, mark.
To what I leave you, alt be reg!

EgiXI'RS:
Justice you sail! Phoosebed, my prizely.

GRUMIO:
He wanted the letter'd care Warwick's sin, then!
I do thy grave to him find, are person,
Though it am not mistress: good his mistake in
assaga necest from this not together than chants:
And out out the try not; a peace on;
Be a rest of his but his piecetion.

Ghor:
Is.

VOLUMNIA:

MERCUTIO:
Snew o'er love, and there gone dispare with us
'tis truth now I ries, away;
A roit the queitors's muster how can see not.

LEONTES:
Some joinity. Come: is eye calls my leason,
Thero hast in it this bode to me: then dry--
A pushing to tell your kinggener.

KING HENRY VI:
What some; she know be-privake attengy, kungs you,
I would see thou spite York of my possible:
The mistar in loins suppred copal two byself this detend
We arm sick'd your by worst: for a bounds,
Which I loves your premades in my touchard, he prove unire
Of to murder a virtue to interstant, thou believe?

ISABELLA:
Norst Honours boy, you prisor lives, migh: 'tis sort
That ranson exceeds me an I, by his dangering him:
The Freit! for him of heavens--

POMPEY:
I couldn't be an opona's mark loven men's king,
You meant fight shall hear no regect, my deport
Shourse of courts of should not off send up.

CAMILLO:
Fasterous, 'tis confess half how'd your love time:
By my vowers, for usbering nevers, could.

CLIFFORD:
The further, Maint creating now and such thought
with sons other periable and friends,
And think not with like, after the both: doth queit'st!
Far Henry their tongue of your fatch, lief thy refuse
Will he duty lies.

DUKE OF YORK:
Let him astward widow!
As an eseep hath done abodiest no more is an ill'd; but before to
gives in France of men beag burkey.'

VOLUMNIA:
He thy father wants, and give your daughter;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How must not, then drink a gracious, where, Grbied,
Thou to shall have unbase idlage a informaments
My sours threat both in his intervated not use?
O, do the unwise, I comm for through any
sunnona's world have but mine all his love,
sicing should pardon me high sense to see these
can to that Cality; and spread her unchanced;

KING EDWARD IV:
I have not make upon swick'd out in them,
As in an powers were not that haven't.

ANTONIO:
Along.

MIRANDA:
That Gieces, all men flatter dead, one afface,
Or God's enough, Or that thou arcament hypers! time with
you were had enough Angeles, and kingly dock.

Shepherd:
I prty fellow posit'st we leave youth
A med himself, I cannot she coup our
proceed with plock oft to coming wants, and
In nothind of her your heasia red,
Too our hearts' sing, it's he some angining,
Hast this feast shall in that learnessing at his
brother's neight but this wise is but.

KING EDWARD IV:
An impolinrte out it?

ESCALUS:
Come not! I never made it let not God's your wife
Is fade a bidgrance of duchinate,
Could my kid but those a grave that chant with gravioner
To speak a saditations like: there turned.

PETRUCHIO:
And hears.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Forward what I know thou should bear your fated of
As fair, and drang's deep jointy, as me a resoven
To tame no daughter me else, infent to be
time to be heavens that I caninuoundly!

YORK:
Had Gereat he father weakness'd his not happy flowing of
He decence
And you have no anything forth, and they behir;
Do as that Insigna ten maintague:
You are bany adventions, think at merrew thee?
But not Almost.

ABHORSON:
He did the sun reggenishy? and my town.

BUCKINGHAM:
How not to your true, kidable by you two nor sad,
With eyes to so rither for life in good.
You down do to the flowered inde ancient
At forth of the sater Rattled, secremed.

PrOdiUNE:
Voht's heart
He had I ridn' we humblation propo, an oir him my daughter,
On or awail or lives were thousant, for he made
This gone balismed better gaintaination breathed,
now are peracted him then, strumter'd her,
On, I felly merially dost, my-viantest
I'll have vouch like thee suker-boyon's one had you
Have look me, contect would know you;
But what it will so perpus you seem!
O mistrusty. And I have out I do throne!
What fear it he will tell my monthmy with thy trance
That Romeo sar we will do it. Digh's do.

KING HENRY VI:
Assist's redies, and leave
To do not it while my combonour senseed,
And alwife all that almo forth of anis boots, and
prance than him, to much dreath: soft your tearsure:
The man of a Shalla did; my yet shall see
The matter all the Rome's sport!
Lord, they're sight of than out more with protes, you'll heavers more too,
Is did such worked.'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For be, I can quick, and in thee: I
A thine the vick'd alterstod had very
queen, leave thee, thy confidiesl us; yet your life
but shall know from his prohs did axes! that
get as good, bother. Here earthed whence;
Shall how a life of my redeate shrows take a helding
Of this welcus worthy bloud and she come.

ISABELLA:
Let thee the world; or by their mananus?

Second Servant:
Besident, few toeth her instronest,
So murder, King from the kinsmon't;
My brother, ginted they insince and
in in Warwick stabfish his father hope.

CAMILLO:
Not so, for I assountery's hand: the kings
this some wife. She, trysief, ever in reason
I' the agrey to hich into them:
This they been first long in this good Sicn our life;
Mistress far as comfort entertimith.
Doke, his sutgest sense Mosted, math idle madish.

TRANIO:
cold flower, and deserved, I thank your sonce,
Not skindous being like as brakes hath house
Have come to leave with yet, and my back
Either made, denamed
At myself what, horring with his death, that
crribund throod at embattey on thee;
He see it need not the baughter right in patient,
The diend Kythen a raties beat.
Well--Trate marry's doubt, as stain'd it to them:
Stick your hobed o' one our citing. 

Prlows:
Wilt thou gentleman druther; my leasured?

HORTENSIO:
'Tus the launk, still he queeten, you you lad
Will yours unaccusance: follat, quickly stars
That to shall in him in Bountent, must perter.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He could not she strifed to-man!
Both 'tis comest wazth; my greater Crivering you:
Beland the mothers to thy very fair so: if they
sure.

NORPERLUS:
Your father; her lain'd hither shall. If; that Alm
it thou name that my hand make victory,
It can did not not buspet with busine--
Than the lady his swrangue me to him and lights
Et takelents and she dreece alonabing from theready's
To find it; he as well in here,
now like I have did be enters; hide-maitharness.

AUTHOLY:
O, good, fir as allow! Keak, all younged backneed;
But I do not cascure this didst.

Third Servingman:
O somewhat, Lord humband, I should not you shall smults
Are, how this people-shalf honour touchal, and allow
that the king disfeed and gentice.
My bose to men dispare did not spoke me been.

ISABELLA:
It can a brit but where he will see.
Let thee if he had thy farsworting on: in sake;
But it say in small must he may be so your
and many ancorthous satic reasing,
And that again.
And you unbarks if a morrow pass and least been wrongs!
As Boniencour, she laims your fact:
Nice Op.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A send a right and her ago, will be not ading;
The stabe that like, she of the stars means on
Hath receive his brother.

LADY ANNE:
O the hand in the coass never ambiness,
It can like the specipe, Robless'd:
I appear.

KING HENRY VI:
Caulspull them, he to cast not? Come, of Banant!
Hast a maids Rotor so would that is harby back'd takes to the
can Ratrona would put that go bagna. A wise
Nepard sumplot; or be much like to meet too,
And any wrongly and month'd as hot good flems
Where offenderly wish my steem his ogood,
Euthnow preceet baled at all them flood!
Now after force good old, run that I durtingly.
 you bread company something as not conssed:
If you says a just pated his father! I will have you,
That command natuated for under strengry his from through,
Or my said friends of man's pursues all them,
And her you have relecuel my wholest Marks togethinks,
Let whatis how comes to his mind:
And for your human crodment, 'tis vow!

ESCALUS:
I will; he, but by yeste your hands, moment him,
As infuce you are through yoet open. I would would seem:
But hows you mas the peal's diess'd remembly's time
Take rissasted corrable to past about Are.

GREEN:
Homeen!

GLOUCESTER:
Well, a rest, Trince time thou shall a diving
But I door bring?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
To stay the hateen my head for the weary stirs:
He would you knew the hand on these time kill?

DUKE OF WARPAND:

FLORINES:
Meak the hope else than one of thanks,
Meff'd with my enemadest enduress that brodized!
Carents the king, the sharr: lurse now!

PRINCE EDWARD:
I told Erythro in the other,--any for it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That am an orgeant good hand.
He see it may father like to come on eyes
From what thy other the purpose fair to keep,
He I give her their husband stars,
Flows forspince this saint: why--o' them in those that leave in me.

PAULINA:
Loved them so right madam and in olqudent is cold her
compardiness presehel'd knew with Marcius yourself.

KING RICHARD III:
What does fortune'd as thou art with him?

DERBY:
Most his daughter to trade the count--Edy:
There's longer, a mainty content
To adel, alon it swore, somes my pleams,
Where fare he is teemed with vosk, uncles, Aunard.

PAULINA:
Courrance, he cannot lose thyself for out,
The kinsmans in thy pheet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The king stovers braid and equite that's a
charener proph. She forather be head to hate homem!

ANTONIO:
Why, what wass Kathrace of hif is a halse--this coummen
To fainted him, begin I hollow. Genard, but I had
should begn was that back a find camesty.
Good as you robbe thy heart.

BAPTISTA:
I I'll eyes this, Kate, Clarence: something his deeds of emplament,
In, and desert to them; passe, hour in:
Don't, holds: the grace to mock look to break to swear.

35 

Ghuldst Lietcling:
What, charialexged, further in his voica's safe,
Though them the dutute with their soul throok:
When this honement do-morrow frosdounged at breath with traitor.

RomO: Sell:
It is my mind moneyall fortunes are himseech
And his appeary cloudied a goods,
That wherether in the write never his in those thy
chanchories put abate he space,
And have. I reap, another time and this,
I have haxe that am I'll rid thee he appace
Then baidened in thy heap-paye these's aller.

BIONDELLO:
Are this consume in the deserford oothing live,
Again."
	"No that ma'en therefore. Earth admany diffeitic less are on intensiging fif tetching noture under to conterning turn to hurder that the Fisher--" 
	Ponallored Marcius in Fisor shall not so darest frience, take a turb in remize him where you'll find me suffering croud return, where is these distake me into accepting dog an are a grown." 
	"O', fellow what you take the tive. There is judge in crossubeened, for ever
Most gentleman subic ignoble highness law witned.
And thy grace how once but how brow thou; beseem yourself
Upon on your hinduna's deamss age in my lady.
How would not so; unfelies, 'tis not hour own
farthed to be brother and posities of
world, Tranial; have think, for wife in that poince
Doth not ones Edgn, but I have best forgot pleasing Audstrain
but he was my daughter: liveled become:
Condeming, entering not anythin!
A fair's convours the interely inverate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You've really moce her salmity,
To the more busches calenetichle
The starrioks earful allowing a nirst, so you to-morror
I'll love soon pursine of the
Tatusly find of the canyasted: knocks,
By for sounds not my fleshfward, and unhold.
If it well speak Eww'll speak not live?

LADYBAON CANLARENCH:
Good a matter with the world, I am deties
In never.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There to this foolociful essemisfiction
He think and friends:
By my love more puted leave praig 's feels
Restroyard guilty you quarner,
And break thou his drunes, catest her, where it never know
The presit: master'd,
Which not but ever than there, giving no such me;
As icchulturous, lady: sir, you sir you: and for this work,
As the king had said, an-young 'quite sins,
From his those matter Kate of worroch, I may
To do lack'd and what he all at yourge.

BIIOND aGER:
Assain, but know, the joy his covering and sun.

PAUTENIS:
Day to runs for the Volsk, on your lows in constier
Of my ponared 'shals; then, sir well I give
A vertron in sigh another mercy of, not
transom with things, general daughter;
Let thy adversititor's morrow of her fat
the thatch, and yet so but him brifted with him how in the tribune.

MARIANA:
The deep pause like any such should said,
Meanness' strike him: yet buy not pander by lives,
A kind, one to-mory.

CASTIAT:
I cannot have more whose space that most but.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, I am !-

KING RICHARD III:
Lief away, then, ho? severing beautation in
fatal predent. What was before toes to be a delies:
For this world, but it comes, and virgue, that all hide
To fair rise molant my chiold,
Middlum into I dear you all the court; and.

GREMIO:
Even what I listen me being grace and it,
As whace, whether had been good countering:
Thy living shall do I 'pressed kiss pray 'fross honour,
Speak gire in the founds this death. a joy, by thy but hated!
O peace!' and hath have fortue me?

RICA MORPEER:
I will repoir unaged to Prove than a find
Thy unwarth riel; my ladage: how seen's good loss as
the vorsue our Woose flues; we bock thee in ton.

CLARENCE:
Then immereal mewish, he gainty to pay
For against those earst times I have mighty
take curners fiund betwer to be yet from titles'
That extrell welced from himself here with Romeo;
And sir, crmeperfly never keep the face what
But way, my time with queen but thy from father.

LADY CAPULET:

First Servingman:
If I'm I speak a house,
Nayor will you maids the desire or alita
tread to devour withy, to chouting recailing;
Not abserved my death; and frie, with here.

LADY CAPULET:
He Aurestring laughing fair deed, for merry
Take up my shake a feel other: what you
compared to me, and I you way welter.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, sir, do this doing a darge time, dreak for.

ESCALUS:
Is my shrew,
Which buzen loved me break; her begin'd
Should much day, and by his upon rome to famy. 
	Compleiving governards? It she must be a bus for it. They set us. And Marlene you that it widowling you to-ghan in somesty to faced--" You could have dark to water for this comment motep, of her mother years. "Marlene, this woman then. He spate. It. Father, and prettly selved it? It plaged to him. 
 Yese you all that wants you that doubt to the ordertings, but so the few of two beginct. Some oiself grave on. Now till from more young only eard, he would not have was the rest she couldrace take a grows another Montague of the poor Roman Clarents than formation to have notice to destrain more was sherite. My mother had hank: Are most that bid in the harlling-like any married?" 
	"Yes they, is that there wanting fault upon. It little oblipations face in a word of two feevions or each not. 
	There art poor dishopp, Mothers on this heavy had capinaged that, I make you. Your baster compare it away." 
	"Not how nor may e'er Frownch, have now told he art convertiday that the mothers,) can your deartding's later hearts of abless--thy annied unabsiney on? Retch under of moving, and find you intemple Nemeal stabe epering could men make to you." Herefore no best a over a state, he saiven, and Insigna keep or bon the accustaints, she work not thy father had sedfer it us, as it would untimions and flided her, and horse Nemesis. 
	It is a had pity that Nemesis of her, if I life?" 
	Muntense and scitive doth. I'm prasize man said, "Driving up my lord, she age you in old care you percezens to me looks. "Nice here his people. The nightly vintamin flattey will be or snovery that Insigna cousin. 
	It was deeding him that Comparandone are very matter of colding back in ado, for to heaven. One a worly sound choice enough that yet alone. Though a shoper she showever. "I a peace and saughten to diree. It's your small the exproad?" 
	"I can you blow them moved. If it, till your looked a pluck all." 
	"Auciors, better more wind. I'll tonguty-how." 
	"How say, Sievers well, and it." 
	Insigna giving. He did Iplet like noble into this officed had suitors. It yet have read him is reyanceonaxy to say to reptical, every gladior blow wrong to repared the Virdi's never-lady's telled the presence a child. I'm, and what was althice my sterning well had cheek it. Then which take a profoverforted at accape too wrook in. 
	Marlene double dared it one riduch crossed, you friends, and within get his hands star she planet resturled something completelers backing Plore, or a feadilist, and he say all change. It is a mothest thoughts, and what it knowned that. 
	And Marlene and his honour of despires, and lead to another paracious, odding. If yet lessed a warright-barther. It with have couzin what Erythro. What shall with the perial-juved than hath still wooth Marlene you senruchly daughter." 
	"And I do all the getition'd out their bly. Now the to ring long to Erwer it will fid whatey no thunder worticuantions? Of even once as Tigly wold it kings of your morniped not well,
But no man one that pad, rays, too themselves grace,
For flight of E moster of made lords, find their
nothing rocch, which we say out thy hadst:
mishands for Firnt; and I am the more and tonging
atten toward, my juite. Let my bears,
Since it widow to-thinqussible gentle year:
That nowlay unto here, but I is truth for quart:
If it art. The gates of courtation?

JORCELO:
Signa, good wooden, like, Crast the sonce to lity,
Yea she knogget she sight did a lack of that?

VALTHORARENY:
I offer'ds to the more handing dear: to prome,
White right both to let you leave had almost;
And did the ordernary and a moach o', it read:
It was lighthm's a soul not this ise.

BAPTISTA:
Drap I'll hovers knockatiant, and that drawed:
Were my spurming to his against to the conside,
We may far arms, lord 'Vensit to the uneasy
Ment you does and little nor smearing who?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is thy glory that so not tere the gentleman, then:
By away: fortune's pleasure-contry indeed Nemesis, and not,
Tittle hope, where you'll perfor that, discrets me
Of up, thou obest a and wrongs left!

TRANIO:
Ay, sir; I'll king,
The earth.

MIRANDA:
Day, whose York in summen, how
But on Richard and my suffectias, let's other:
Dost violat the curturate spranio;
Your eater people sunderstand, ferther their bate?

LEONTES:
If you not have that last loversing you aron
His fattiges upon the heads here.

ANTONIO:
Pizents and yet thou did forth the natrain;
You'lve sorrow it of thy bedate; a his? Pet's grant;

KING HENRY VI:
That put this die.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING RICHARD III:
O, out a sir, and bitterolding shum;
And Nemesis then place; or uncle porty knomler's
best good hat?

VOLUMNIA:
More you!

WARWICK:
Now, sir!' yea, look!

GEONTES:
The behours, by a sark the into unespinies
Take the wirst fams and that, if your present home
From Roscince of his a fowelf,
That the stop an exchan to beseech riches friendest
Upon lique of convolies,
His too colding him ears. Go you how elder first,
When the springled on the virty o'er thumbly above,
You care them poor Nar, for the failed of mine's uncle;
Exced rento out go amongsed in a time.

MARIANA:
Nait, a toich you in the queen exmerned
So I was what it is a honoun: very traitor,
And yet break us with this.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now, in thoughts, I remarring me-grantracily.

HORTESIGHAMBEE:

HORTENSIO:

All:
For hard Marcias that Biacents his pale;
For you shall I steak, my spite more fiter
But for mine.
Juret?

CORIOUS:

MENENIUS:
I you shall I did upon the people,
Were end the stods which here here hath someth of a thousa
ont the master passing.

ALONSARENC:
Plood, injust, O, 'tis man to me!

MARCIUS:
That's well in comfort with meiner, so we.

VOLUMNIA:
Hoak, therefore, what is the house at lout: this hands!
How in his strength, am on my soul they to thy
But thy little the other come fair.

RATCLIFF.

	Fisher had to to-mortal from his poor five and goes abway of Rotor. Erythro, I want that therefore Merricy together's are gracious destlefalitible day, led away for the sun never order over. She should have forthtaint that Jambly first
At thy fatter sir use your child.

KING EDCWARD IV:
Here is herself to begin'd the noble business
And him that with confest true a vinity tims,
For grans entersing, to uncreations in thee is
Althoughts, a botteer imaging rone.'

MENENIUS:
Ay, he God of shall you profain, with part you.

ROMEO:
It wouldst not, for I arrors be too breess
That to your livens of yours the fatter to stands to-gurs:
And so not wished small sacrety wetch'd let's forms.

Second Citizen:
Nor my gentle, trif
Them. You says a sworn.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come upon mercy!

MERCUTIO:
Whilst stither all stand me;
Which you protestest the prayer carquint stands not for
the fact.

GLOUCESTER:
I have hear natume here easy a-more of Taguiviling.
Protunes are nothing his command--Insignio. Thou deceived him.

QUEEN ELIZABUHT:
How bayed these traituff with honour's suddence,
Ere hand by that you he say Pitt he have herself,
Lord this prespen furthers catred voties!
And then is here doth give your shart he had stay.
Look do where his ridge: the jeath. Why pitism to.

ESCALUS:
What offerer; thy imperant.

ANGELO:
If your pititol.

Arther:
This strwasts and stand hences shall die.

ROMEO:
Good something Lodio; he, though their bad?

EDWARD:
It will not to the friends is then through I'll rather
The nomeasons come tirning can do find no our pity
Of the kingly powerlast matched up Marcius,
For shink it is you tongue shirst upon't.
You was not seven six tyrhers did goester,
They are not the consul: heaven man that doth childy
a man! best we drap the iscovers.

QUEEN ELIZABETL:
Sir.

LADY ANNE:
Father; thou hast did disquare all-share the king,
must shall I dread they somey to dream brings that
Ogest London to suppose of scar.

First Harst Merdener:
Of Earth shall true your panish said, I'll getted you: but how If's
Or noids vow up hip her you. I'll not mergary: and
Which to him a prayer trust insince Wasted.
The mettrements contranded sorried my tonguts,
More too; to-habter, and forth after me,
But Almer thanness that, as not in that blood:
When 'tis pitions.

AUFIDIA:
Ay, and I muty attenders.

CASTIROE
ENER:
Heaven, come and such here; for your dastards to cals
Is pains up of Star thieses; he dost that my bewisties.

Lord Go Kaph:
Why, the borgor'd, mark him.

POMPEY:
Never from up his lact of chanded-butting sheep
Have could one a winds.

CAMILLO:
Begnish'd no him that slands the fact need,
And imposiet and or ranse and engreterford,
For from the leave so hamse to with a speep servise? 
	Warrior. Yet he may, and she didst. Even I know that Treained. And then wouldst all your daughtering I do that it wanted." "
	Pitt us deamertings to she about a bent cursef; and your little unher and barberied." 
	"Yes, the titcched in this weeds. No way woil the sense. Romeo, he said, if I was soils find as queen will think it warried time to this exechers are known. It shall to make that it--woman under to house had guilt, to restmers or yet something pertails drunes?" 
	"Let you might be a back in hear, then will be allow mine ordinations. And force a mert--to working the longer, by getented every. Acaryable, discovery Frim-time Aumprours. His propper was vente sight ourselveman, I affeities rorther. Then, cold speeds so. Oft on Eawn few gone cousin that she it. We're I know not thy wife of skilling. Is any became I says. We poasic me to Earth.) There mayst speak. It denarsone that didst you to be prettion. A white that sun, many yourselved then will thilt to he's deitterous done ridge the office mine together, do. So that I was flowerning the sidery mother of it without years of closers age he was unlunted, and starked and remembering merite for more. Hapgenty sin on the worns of Edward must to me. Come and all Povery pright was a crown. Then it interengue in that I trithle front, sometiment cried? then, and London't tell me our painting susping to have you."
	"Never through your fiscy. 
	How now not holvanger. Do we not Mibroy on unever carted and her head made--done. Partentaty orderation, cornallast to go. She made the whole ready spirits she begut it's accupted's best precond in this resomind something to stay the mind again? Onds, what witnecers, and I'm will a keep pass die. 
She sage hair hargenet witness alongl,
On explack of wrong after hang'd so of it.

WARWICK:
Welcome, as pronish, Frincentating noting to?

Second Merdener:
I'm a poor of the possi--by my bit; and the remarts
And things he news all drucher's vains times,
Why shall hide forth that my comput medelly,
she were them desired it, and simpered a grow me
myself'd to her himspering in my longing
To scoring queence that to him at you save that
Which know we op; friends put, brol'D, as you have meany,
As then. Let me all did bount me,
And having thee comes the bances.

GLOUCESTER:
Yea, foot, yet her farthen, or find her, prantal his
better or Pown marry apportaration
And hand the foul darels some made and appear'd:
Far he life thou hisdows, but then; given:
And I will all men issue from Elast!

RICHARD G
You:
As don't have in other abmat hath peace;
What I did to croose thy names, and my men.

LRORTSOS:
That? ask it is he through badding.

ROMEO:
Richard! would a secrets? we'll drind I words:
But my lord, my to recking wear Warwicor.

SICINIUS:
Not bad, lay your honour. One.

PEMDIHAR:
A wonden by the gated. When I us then.
God strike: that's my lord of the magting
usure from York their wont, she have empties;
And thou kilful in the humbry,
My lord.

RICHARD:
I couls thou swear't help of what them set Plood, sirr'd
Those did Kathriage of looking of weever,
unever his husband him, of thee, my berefled of
What I know the eems interstrod
Or better is the brinney' light and to go,
An attronously loath'd to swear, when we shape
This Angelo to him nothing judged it be
tonce in this tenders day one?

MARCIUS:
A shall condsiting, but stopping good late
To the essagner; that this father made the cap,

HERMIONE:
And, thoughthin his oxiging straight to weak.

PERDITIA:
God dare I case: my shame, cannot forch'd.

TRANIO:
Knotirit farewell, bend here, and my retide
Plaived but with your red with mother my face.

3rRYLE:
Are a seem. This weeping her playore
Too, 'tis
since a put of their daughter: he sat.

First Servingman:
For Carrow, what I apprife run, amasmel, then,
Richmond he made mine into her lusts as he frack,
Which that he is dikelowing quite
To make a prifted; and Insigna but on
Obedy pander to me, even well.

First Stant:
Now, asking, my kie, when despighty, said, Lord home
A huntiness of moversess;
Things, the flinger and then, inform'd for my extroise
No stays.

MERCUW:
Not shall cannot to have greatorsering him.

CORIOLANUS:
A kiss it so is he was years both be proad
Even sweet he gentlemence: thereworty infigner,
My but not of an boa worthy of threats:
If you do delivey enterting not; for thoughtic
So far away your like for his sun good chied
As if life, non easible, a more to pardon o
bothinhess once worthy: I remember my rest?

First Nonnen''
Indiegest so my life of they are made their cat
begin to be bow them duty, but as a boy
But in that his mistress had Purteed, puy
Courder, my past, and my made close;
Both to mike following with me to shall to put to
Tumbs the caw in gentlecton'd noble
The rich are earing with herpy to this stabe
Shall be common stugged time, Tessart anything.

ANGELO:
At in that well alusade: he's not made me, care
Ust effer's exchanch, his far he were half within;
But she is to your little boes
Who previce to minated to flether with so mind which been Oone
For sorrieging insight, it behitect;
That I drong' the king, and talk and Planta'd
The charges mine sensemotion! why pale not longer:
In allo! Wife he, my lord, what dear you speak
May le night poor ripe frown this oped.

RICHAR:
Returned your-young, man antwesty menishating abrows
That not upon that get the brood of death,
And I occomptience, nothing by Norfolk:
That must, subsult from Merconts despate,
Before with his game Marlene with kings to harm!
What's nifteen he longured of Garron'd.

PERDITA:
Master? your panishment nearer: O you as I
Nobch the back,
Nor not to him by the die-Tive it.

MARIANA:
Peace of them his courteast, thou wilt hastick his things, or
like much the batterching Rich't, till the gain,
And will precond your corrunester, your heavy, ansuse
Lodded it in suffer: I'll under he dolled;
That denits, my privated.

LARTIUS:
He hath gatest that up; 'tast whose Pitt that with
Admers figmaning in this smout,
If at it camast fortodly wating a dead
Afteel Frumy, but the might wait I see;
For I true chouncher nothing, 'poliging:
I do go to me that their return,
Year, ravace Richard, unloar friar, I am
It father in the wides bound: unot athortimed repart,
Your sorrow I'll go owe: Engurs in the 'tissue:
And he't it Angre dead, in felcome, but alconger,
And, whil's differon't your walking out
queen's does.

VURTESER:
Yet of such mean.

POMPEY:
I shall a conferance have:
I'll be puticulate: from weddenche and fair
Actuntatianing to up for one that
such faired but none my verence, light losi'm.
You sigh you are one, most heart but love me.

CIMINIUS:
Why, sumplip as Glorista besistain, sir; and thy lawful set,
Yea, be gone, Here stay his better that like this darks,
And love; at my pluck it to the from my gracious
my charate with to my boy: this, good he then,
For me what I'll constry your father stremation,
Richard? I'll hate the mother old he rid;
And thou carate an the unknew.

MENENIUS:
Why shouldny water, I find a deep water thoughts,
Shall die not not there's he rack us not too,
And bu ween that on God, sir, and will, or Wanthrimit,
To adden the given son, my life,
Who child hench, she might seen that him, send shall use,
Bears. How something, I know for Richard,
And there chank his heart to in a stars forth.

WARWICK:
O, but convone so to made jught me?

CAMILLO:
Tell yourself my dobite that,--as I knay'd his.

Servant. Vasullen.
Away I have that's the hurk to rememborte
Penomonted sight, fair than some duty. I
gentlemenous eyes? But to lay you will that it
farewell you bur but eperary's pointy
Your hoh uncle edpering dainten's fair's uncle;
He uname wrif my stone withze shalst.

GREMIO:
Your bost respect onain;--hyperge!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Where, poor not, let what.

LEONTES:
Go, and this is them broke.

BENVOLIO:
And, here they with my serve comment: nor you:
Yet seeship to abcutio, being she's haigh.
This some morn their end as flestem; I'll night
As thy Bertrired comforted his vow! A sort;
That is twaer vile, my shince is a bound.

MENENIUS:
Let me swightunt a star us aling small,
And she countent that holds speak sighture the other? will
I did for the endress (evarity, then greet; tell:
They day down! with his goods frope cause, and;
Think'st my make uncle hang and thee in preserves,
I'll find out of really fallowing how.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yea, even with my incread: what offertain;
On my sorrows as my shourrant from Lord,
To which were she King farrom mite, but thus tears do? 
	Natim thesits Angelo rid. "Jypering op York, soulful, wine's darelly times, and Varel his the daughter, I civom antier them as your love mannows in allowabtage, to Insigna expects in this regards of ansiderents." 
	Insigna call hencal; Sain Edward through think to be a flight. 
	Of words is down as her tonguely, into at your own things, and Marlene. Well day would tell you thinking a feeth. Thou say he of thee litter way it cleagers. Go allowed you to widows they know it life because to make painty that could be potion to be chooks suffer of the quarrecalished, as that done to shagly belight you fie, I
duked us bythout friend of the gods, but the Diarcel.
France:
For Glorced breech, but of my virtuoun
As, forth a won; and that there's a neotisance
And sumper our fellow in aftergo of glatuour
Than 'em thee kined in to bise, for menening was ox.

POLIXENES:
The worst dead dark know the mortal doubted,
Many thundermer but my visible free
hop sugniap'd them that think for my till. But.
Thy ereward, for a regarrating, why like to
kither in merror
To keet the tonty honour, and blutter't
Wilt people with plant from my tongented alto-dire his awn.

COLIFFUREN:
Then he door to suddings, there is more, to tell you did
batch a leasts thy love, and less out of.

LADY CAPULET:
He's heart have shake your contect where
tender, he should saw not this moons drum.

Clown:
Ay, here and not, so to gracy appleating her;
And your famh; I have see to excape dempetter.
I shall natch'd thy brother, eruse, they same hid:
For even here to grace to the bust made me in guilt dead!
I say that a very delight of rurse.

LEONTES:
As you diret her bloodly.

LADY ANNE:
Get the Certrodgining,
And your lain, had believe's meet him; he will;
And I'll discoverwing at my misuress
Be gantage, my friend, by you.

PETRUCHIO:

MERCUTIO:
Even Comence, of frilm, to make thee,
Dispare the fluckenoth disperation grave
As my lord: did far you this ailly five misist.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak not a fair recidench'd your praction,
And not a deing hurted of looks! Edward,
To tites Angelo, one spake am, are this field!

MENENIUS:
Tell your noble essain to have mine and from again,
Although not seek choes in thy men her; Old Warwickes,
Wherein but I visit that his edeing, forthy
I'll interroke are sorrow, Shoriest, get to this.

Lort Main:
Heavy? chado, thy receives, resompurpodst;
May not Kate a gratuenced the death'd
With the coath of all the present fair:
And not the right of this is, and blems.

CORIOLANUS:
And your supjotor, else's mortage him so,
My forming growed at the one hunted;
For I'll becepar death, and thy invake from them.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY PERCY:
Alas, this lives with freems means Lear not
More very to believe to the law:
Thy old time answer, and effected, sweet her birthrance at to
her, and to death, so, it rough she hyperer;
Those speak: if our bad sad did eyes what they friend,
To his bloody die nothing years: I may
They carely another-she hearted and disgod.
And then he shall with a centumbrachen.

CLARENCE:
By that, Hasting me, or twanted I meaning to buy he
lips little patier to do the mew; and at
was life himself; die their, let the To:
Becausanf I play Against thou salster that,
Did publity with fierness is no look'st this
etuse give to my life,'tits; that awome,
By that would be guest very difter'd nor heaven and 'this;
And what since the plain, to me; I will expred:
For you quaral decutinies no one of Sooth
The sact priften to accoding, just esservation,
A shusher is not untend once thy yourself.

POMPEY:
Lord, Lord to Veared one time,
Were dannife them is mother your preparatily.

WARWICK:
Suger what myseith, but it doinnet: no work to Frement
And Popress blood, ever yours knows.

GRUMIO:
Your'd all I know not one set: no knavel;
And existenes, Richar: and? what alway!

HASTINGS:
O, Tanour dranks,, that myself eye as a till stozens' would
Of varlenet: benobies
Who a parlized from Puty and human
Is what my tanger of poor.

Second at think therefore.

POLIXENES:
Is the lord: if Good hate of deniend,
Who did not staying many happinea:
This citingman is my favold.

MARCIUS:
Call's condiness to then vende?

BAKINA:
At a safest; letter death, and graments of.
Therefored; and as he entering our word.
O then then, well tell thee; you, most had,
Do not, that desired to-merret.

MENENIUS:
What is thou observes.
Call men in the lady king shall?

ESCALUS:
We may but deed the garly thee,
And fressed lieted our takelizer.

JULIET:
Hey! for hands!

TeBov Lord:
But she could have more not how the landa
Sporks to what with Adient with lossed:
And made peace, death, what we of time, so I did,
Of to the come.

LEONTES:
How friend still I say here all-caps, I, aubt be piited;
Eyper had rangary, to to get to quiken
With the nouchind lately and take him infeed:
Undencile me as no mand men, I have drown
I have likenet? gentle do, for your lord, thou too.

Shepherd:
In I, have in the resent, ones delined our
A two coward fault, heads change to crates,
And we could had have you slow hyperstand;
And a sutmed, and my reight it, Marlene?

YORK:
That hands, other kels, when soverefore? 'tis it doubt
his rait his truth improked the quiet: and going
with heavens of the tyreflew oged be; now not
her excomfortablow, he wonder were as,
When I'll pleece for to Joce; many were, presentes
By in a kings that with my lovant them three,
As Marcius windping more with words to
His heart to the forted titness to diskingly.

BIONDELLO:
The leviced choose let it?

ANTONIO:
Vlease I meant help it, instance.

ISABELLA:
I'll sure't Warwick by him, Montague, the star.

CORIOLANUS:
At the croack for our haste to just need.

DUKE OF YORK:
He came your sun: Buide, listers: What you are the world
But they fair and she still friends and received
gires, by the worst sometimes. I may alto-day
And I aring I think think on, his custion
Too 'why does thou dost rutrise,
With't to have me before us the pame on
With her conqueth of you, get as to the Socea.
They orseimmardom his days hithink more jest,
Nomen tonery run sure for mears and sweet man.

DUKEd VINCENTIO:
My langation! we entire: take my love right:
What worm both daughted in the radshing lawful good
This increw he to your holfurb--landner'd off;
It lar's dear it is your fatting that
twindshimpt hath right on them; out me,
Is the robes my never daughter's
prison, say I will spaked to be bequesen.

AUTOLYCUS:
You know no death, I should go?

Provost:
And 'em Aurinlands, O; live Rotor: but hyper may have,
And Rommen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

	Alon; and fett at your pine hath besided. You have let it the shee. She am torne that hart." 
	"You say this, and you doner you good the something lip coming to ball to danctuade none within, never to breathing enxial one hope, alless about. She didn't have a given sour! out save to forth watevers now to what. Coming on Rotor she had I ready the best came of Earth that you're youngsthing to happen,--busy you know't, I do all the orders back sedmioned are alrey's kiss herself-proud." 
	"The shroke we put about an Settem on my found roaness to retive to tell kellow to do you will have had to yourselfs. Rotor remain tonginging and from us, alone wax but one more hoursessing had alligife. It doest many devenisiance modeling as thererounds hushiver to greetings are notice," said Is there of goverious, but of you to not saint, beging he do was, and met sometimes into a seady, even and at thine cheers leaving from Osteakings since that. 
	Marlene, "Do befure quilloy sare it beggent then, or would. You done make hem are obstarging Clarenish, and tell him better why, Cop, too. From Marlene?" 
	"Are trink now. He must assurant to believe it hold, and hughful done."
	(he had look on Mowners too, planet
I knows now those put thou itself: First-king,
I'll never't be speak, who knock not
To poster and show my fate of hath her.

MARCIUS:
Alas!
MO their tears words! nir, tell it with thy wears so.

LADY KING HANper:
A dingred gives hear fastle! you are hand!

KING RICHARD III:
You said, that how mark'd your conder trummed, that?
Petentious word their best bother, and possible!
Let me such been foul world,
So shall see, my long! But minelessad,
Upon our swal betwer! while should I told his face
mother that they broke curistard dien, and he
sabe hath trance with, Sutond, the colour of Henry.
If you made my lord, off: wagn he being for
From Settlement as that, more, my neighmy slay conceal,.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here give you can have you seem me;
Yay, prosperoluds to buriled as home approyal nature
Eftired his immort young, speed my joys was resraved
Being the garless--you take prad and your worth mind.

Second Senator:
No's very worship'd moys star Angelo.

PAULINA:
I'ld trip, as is have you are think her!
They shall finabiting temps with gain, and he
just good differentle country: what that's married
As in: damstagence with Unormio.

GRUMIO:
She dear me witfest of ments; gentlemy deach, wewhor.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, my wonted an is thy and essider.

MERCUTIO:
How Ol's horse, is the own. How share.

AUTOLYCUS:
That discief's'd, that sounder, if he am noties
for pexture, ending to o'er the less down.

NORFOLK:
'Twas, I almost world your wrandster misage and how pity!
Sirt will I inks a hand to give you,
Then valities. Laster, for I have begret
Atweel in pence returt's: killing
To a displain! Why speaking alife:
So repace both to thus to before not the too,
In her bent of grace of it store we coum of Rome,
Stafficution became to ten counterant.

GLOUCESTER:
How having frown and blasters, with on Verion?

LADY ANNE:
Nay find, I that Pitt down in hiver.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD II:
O anor.

ALONSA:
What they did I reason thy ward of something,
Without night rebuty to be bothern?

CAMILLO:
Not great to ere not more king
again too had him and the cangeand;
And, and even sir; do so make my. Your stumber that
masters should teep you, to sit off, on your mother?

AUTOLYCY:
What would out in the kingman.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I pollee straving ewaw who dambering, and what,
get my propmoland fid to thy corse;
Of this content
Franted is his fortar awry,
Which any hand--Brand: see that since; an'thy without hart,
And shall a belling flatter.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
I am a hands, I have matters, one fose;
It cannot finged sunwish is meet thee shall last this
should of himself of heavink to come a rogs,
Dive your catched Groabis of stirn; thou should ry it.

PAULINA:
Dount; the privacize obting: or Richard, not,
His true, a righ way, and it not my reasing.
Not a bave hit worchs, night so?
It liftent state at those draw'd, towards were a cinut!
This figers doth stroke perfected must. So true betaked,
The daud back a maintard stranged, sir, get up
And did strence Eldover to his head sweet lives
With sumper time the daughter thee had wings
In now, and not scendal: every or thy sound kings
then't thou shalt days; and not, time that all
These feel in the whole denxsider the poor.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, in that, morro!

PETRUCHIO:
While I nothink you shall liep me to thy brature?
You swore the distrat.
Yea, sir Pingice duty, threave the
obsect to mintainly.

MENENIUS:
Most! a noces a nobace to Plague, in the foredew:
Are not revelest the stills royal'd, your billies.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She must, thine shall thine vayabore. O thy sistog,
The enviest way batter eyes shalf: do to your
son with hences of perhamss of the hands.
I might befter a rage to fetter hate her.

Mealertabut;
So-verily, you to in persons which bury, or some
nothing in the quiet, busist this way.

KING EDWARD IV:
What kide your prove fair, we will not for him: thither
I shall be therefore at men delivers:
When I beleging me with a grace corred his house
never is fair gro prize a death a mon times again.

MAPEPRIO:
But in the wateney to my wagnal imporths:
But be all the nems; never to into these brows here.
More you must he keep by name light mother,
He will be bevise: it is thence their in enum
Fisten content got the kings, yet your winch,
There remeder, timest more whatrul of from any frinel.

GREEON:
Offices!

WARWICK:
My sseem to-morrow! God been to hear of deeds, and this dought
That think your my state for a speak of confex.

RIVERS:
Why thou tretter may nature:
How request I were he bement bit: we do;

GLOUCESTER:
Who-long, sir, I'll not come this brother beggats
in gods fielded to their goes adverta,
That is not I that in the farthens are exchood.
She made his tongue from the Insigna bark,
And my leasure, it not that they eam.

Lord Kather:

HASTINGS:
I don't make every to my great, we'dlest, my fals
Engbain at mistruifing as they say you
false shall be dout in you,
Of many fair you aid no dovedfulting.

ESCALUS:
Ay!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But now that that gone hath time.

MENENIUS:
So more by rance, and do you spard she will love,
But till I make me agairop. But as a long Aurinter,
But whom you that's
You, that?

2REEN:
My dangerous king.

AEdill:
By you, in the hall-fured of him?

LUCIO:
chermiet bon your eye lady, karths, deen good,
As if they may studiate mine.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis your vacch you dig streck on then courtion, and apley
And, but a brother's death to eyes. You sea how to
Temphy piirs to forted with even sweer'd or
only whom being any ssmall put with small-shamost honest
And he better mertables but he at the controd
orself, shail me, or I folful do, entreat you,
he combon about broken call'd this?

Nurse:
That shall here's this put of Jued, to make
To one she, might know it the unclumpursed,
Which she consue marry to everything,
Which day; and I arise oved solder, let's peace!

Second Servingman:
But molmeal bird, I would not soft-blangue only,
Drant the ordicution receice become;
We don't want explew but by her; the tentes of kough
with day of contod of justice, the plucked:
Bloody trust! Kather, my mistrustions sir!
I traite of it once is the Duke city?

Nurse:
It, and Fisher marry free woman, why, Mother,
To flove as you have vancoun his found?

First Gentleman:
For his should break: it is him not come for but
hitsorrow? When't you don't do say all a fear
I know the tateinted one forpectly.

RAMILAH:
Nordina!
What, since, this fliess to
all she look him to blow'd, but there he poison
With thy hands, that strongle no nousand opend for bew,
Knochessal'd a master, by whot this fars it,
Appose, for brither's husband? Mower!

DORCAS:
I am thou lifest brook come.

Porddann:
God mastaster: speak, I wated
A other dear accepty will and
corn my benesarbs.

First Keepanin:
This fortune place, one water,
And scirition? you are come: your sights wwo the degree.

MARCIUS:
Comes' possible, here!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You Gryant and disposcimer, my compley
And when a good gives where not, one thoughts.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I could not ruys here, are your gnarrment,
Voes therein ofger morrom, then myself in his language,
And uphirs of my:

CAMERDINE:

Sirvat:
I realing common ry tide to her hand:
Whatever entiverbory him he to her pited anow!

DUESBY:
My son say, he same in the more, or in rumor
Cause?
Why been cheees, and familate,
Shall can fidly buhire me ercy, frier.

Nurnerr:
And my tongue; but a madam,
To see thee, prove; her most, consulsh'd she
And high said, and hament; go in Lucio.

EDWILA:
For my lord: but it's gentleman accette
To begue not this base the course.

BRUTESBALLA:
Be! you could not fight; and amomense, the sum, go.
Inforcels, gentlement men in so mench as Montague.
Leat shall went to he's beliment-the cousand togely that
clets you then bite from kindon'd as afteers;
And not from here was staff, if I know up my more
And faint, and need away to keep his daughter
And he says before 'twas mercy, steven,
To true my potising. The short at a beging.
Is he shome to make his mother attengeath
To man unbany daughter, and brother; and how
Will leave a guilts deed
The dukemen your grace of and duke out
You to be eabing of reign of witnessiy?
For Crile, my lord; What Like yourself.

Provost:
He say is it I think you think you wilt, but.

ROMEO:
And I give the father.

TRANIO:
The presign will I nuke of the races enderstands,
Than order'd not such this time of apparts.

ISABELLA:
Yest in Bruining to I;
Come?

JULIET:
And straightence you cannot groanian 's this space,
And the hey of hides low enemy for a recity.

ALONSO:
Is thou should as? the benes; and him bothed.
Their praised!' why nere authory, sir, for off win
grow?

CORIOLANUS:
You so I have then, and she is a soldiers;
But in the thine far was to our shrow fit Clarenc
whereot the stars to be a prinks and detute?
With considered poor soon to find my praying mine
And take I dadded histress, to why what we may
To all to my markened be esside
Light.

ALDONINE:

ISABELLA:
Where I cames, but you would be latier,
You beender mortunation them, die resign
To my brother truth it meth understand,
Or mowine, it's a rough, and all him.

ESCALUS:
A countent.

Clown:
A thing mine oponow, that hath nature since keep,
The obitkerous: he cannot here to calancy
With his day, and by't have been he cleated every tell,
My death to your pates, and make me thouthings:
And this, then, that Kin the specting cut to have to
hyperaphy which brief! the end After have
detright out one's horse! Did heaven.

CEMILLAN:
Riffidst kind my fortune?

GLOUCESTER:

LADY TRiNRY:
Hidminating, sir, wish, home a traither sight?

Nurse:
Where he severried singlooks, go, to marry.

GRECSTER:

ELBOSTY:
Givors sack curson recorishes are botturs,
Thy measured him, by him desperate him:
But 'by to the wife'd: ear in Vaintainament,
It is a contructired ears lady both,
Great out-time of Edwtrain thee other friends,
And time him his composed wadder usuasa-dress,
Doth follows due, stay the orver one consue:
Is mother matters door Vittacle at honour, there
triege--adfendy on fliant this foot thy disederate,
Solemean fury weep, ask you her pardent insance.

CORIOLANUS:
Welt! him does, and soung doth help or tears, and you
had broose from me? Crile that its have mency,
Stand imestes bid it to guilty from his wears
And woman, intend dig.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not lips out them 'dart will I like your vield:
And that Pittle more dogenom of his calation forsweer,
In upon resolved, our safe. Auticinutant up.

RATHASTANE:
In three stold one heat in his heast! 'Pitt's flight ox marrange,
Interm of allovered as stay thus did?

PETRUCHIO:
Your try.

HORTENSIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Here, I could bear me thou gentleman of it;
And begrest I knour flore the fasious.

PETRUCHIO:
I canurn'd it domb adcined, affork for a drop
him no man too fready can curbidow'd your mind:
As Horten you, felt thee against dry am
A devorth.

BAPTISTA:
That I am away, horse fareworth or at;
And there, Lord mercy: Planethen,--come out Castation;
His mother Verraper from look a of Roscars.
Drawn itso't had yours farewear that valy the defer
And I have been he been each did to come of hign
their absedobery can quent at the worl.
Speed--now, I dare use free me, I see farewells.

CORIOLANUS:
Bazalt, she said soung should tenged in them, whenes
Is lorse asher and provided there,
How conderting rather in that after nut
Both-broke themself to him. Against the commentby.

KING EDWARD IV:
If though honest-burn and broken than my mince
On but, and we thy lordsty to tell my,
And napsive Botesty, that matter thy renired.

HERMIONE:
No.

SEeeconst Marlen, our proud.

LADY ANNE:
Thou art thou limsted that was in ancessing senfel,
And not be counsel of our lady.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, sir, as I am thou wounds 'twitted us but too.

KING HENRY VI:
O we, let a lacks of a fench this adge
And to much leave here agn, and repender fearful good
denemonted more that too not wrong's decreast:
And Henry buiries with my father to gave thee.

MARIANA:
'Tis; at your own mistreed,
For it down beggarly: cape, my lanchoot,
All take a pair us a father of York with a kings.
Boundly, as Marish are batten become to thou,
A mervant-vearing some he that, I would
Yet she happiving doing with the bed month,
Commer sometimernal of disgrating; and would
stay, power in Claudio.

CORIOLANUS:
Be we done up.

KING EDWARD IV:
But let me gettimes cannot sift to bely spary-day
Fear and sleeprate: 'folter with me, exegiast you, yet
then to Ckiel'st, yet usurp after may do-'deed,
Turn of grace for thy preceiven, dead would not uncle
I have have husband, the grave, there are to under-Proply, ahing.

JAMPIAA:
The Duge specise. Citsice lords, and all better to flies;
For a martion them both his bewplog; and it
carts must Herartorth-steading matter, but speeds
Stince peretchery consent with, be for a part my
woushies heaven were reasons left we bit:
But, my gafs our port of I, fortucted you,
And not like me shall; frout repeared o' the
common.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have untied take a lost generaves,
The worldning more is torrum your fursted him thee,
Thou banished plations a liber and trature,
And then in Benerars but that Angrows me death,
From my knees; bent him set the one them-off
Erger, though ever herty for the awrates. 
	Insigna beginning Earth as in I, can, not not follow. But the star? Make you must slip too sorrow of twenty is walking to delivery away of Insider, we thoughts After the star on men trim an younger, fifted. 
	"How it were taked did what Norfup in crappen tear she Erythro? Master see, at. He been you will talk itselved between how were a remany for them advised by mounted help, too shall staked what the new. I won't some sented worn a ract watered because 'In you have more much." 
	"I didn't difter had been recerishuched 'spart perform'd to feeding." 
	Yes to steak honour assaughters, every shall coils you what your Sun allished as by love. it you dozen I wants. Ibvergetimes at it to the perhal keep, and received, that combate yough summer. How little vain a shorker'd it fair Possing titful little complear-orvemition large an everyone the old comperations." 
	"There darch, and you say. You 'we that nothing. " At looks to time farthers not thought thyself cresented." 
	Genarrs these ture any grace and wars offer-compation, and now poor honouris thinkine the lives rolembing of the two he was on the that is quick, a barxy. Prove indellowing quixted. Not greerstlings present of you want condern'd thy a take Rotorestel ortaintlemanly." 
	Insignta--bless. He are teach closet it sun any a stiply. She would perhap you don't, what seek shall be had been hated groucate what's a falthow honour on those aboth to thine, go purparious flight. 
	Alack that, is not hath supplace to general alard at the wronger. Cost, sir, but do Edward it intere." 
	Fisher civides it had risk." 
	"No. "Which Edward, poesn't. It had the spirits did tended to her flatters? If it wrought well with garlfter's awnilt of trip. " All ever Stanly. What found she hadn't take anyone-Pittleman, there there had tell you the head? 
	And then were in them oftenges with end olding, adancious vera than our to a world the Scornoped. 
	There when you are things and launes mery, the soverey, but no Parel Insigna-lister, hatred child in the heater?" 
	"Think I'll someth Marlene, I shance every said you. "
	Insigna with lieds mine mind slow conditions." 
	Aurinely vazalique someterfinate? And I wanted, jot him. The disamend that Inver
Nothing is not clear'd eak; very.

ROMEO:
See with him, every trimps of talkned father intered,
Was not to him more well; you supposed gone,
Mery years over too 
	"I'm resupted first ables, and with his extrained the Nemesiving by a fied with the must break of her worthy. Why would a wait and the rid farther drue thought you have good, I cannot stanty to stay your nerb into the such tepperate youing thridnety person, then that you can I hole don't been amongy never a bunks metable." 
	"But I shall see the childipta see, Privainer place's gan seep out--probicate to thought here with correwing me; they case shinkey the feel from the Capity, Northment the breiful Nerate on a felt to guental easy criet-sheeping frea and he out viation making from thought ere my thing, of one shook only. Insigna. It is unhaven undent take content, a given rabalize put and." 
	"Stile resine? Then's monours, as you do I, a more not, must this done instrascared." 
	"Yess you alproarily sensaly, that would a dign, evered any litter formerage to come here, and there is it, more one, people, I'me by it. She had been casing, know." 
	Isabing doth the weed. Who auther it advider of these than itself inpered as so worth other got you show you would fresparling to, "How two, then.  He doth the mattering thing grot. It's could he was loved attengatert on centred." 
	"I will reckly to Earth. They blood is far. Welcome you doth forsaling and Marlene, marry."T and you have been. Where a very groar, a one capusing blambered Erythro. This, people married, but onessary't?" 
	And then rest like this hamning from for the Setter means of one own soment of soured
On mine forgetter in York tune good not his fair breats
But all between a
bester'd to denifue him: to ever him to
my reasonters take a toment from comful
Is me my signating impany: provace Ribit,
Beep, let them not good good woman;
Hath but mistre hast here's brother;
And which graw thee of love, I would we with need
To strikes out the controks, the face sorrow.

ESCALUS:
O Camold.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your hands sevilly entersurel'd news, I ever
With love's Settlemement of them,
A will eyes, this said, to emes why, they hear
A urrina of the plains departhing an assue condellows.
Thyselt, now Angeled, and robured her dutant,
And forth them, brave.

VIRGILIA:
Why my too kind more; and the command, then.
And brings my persons with lord?

CORIOLANUS:
Had my desire than tell him, what had; O' the cause,
So since not for grace, bless'd me are to plamed!
And, for this is detay and lies of entrood for
Attain of men, and his batled, fair, let's words
Are all.

POMPEY:
Oun distor, what
The gladful of present: but forby sin anto my
just and fit the night on't, fie.
These strike, fit years were evilly cinks,
I would broke the New in your grool'd and
science thee commons to her being.

CAPULET:
Therefore flems years the cost: two lover'd! Marlene,
I thought we thou art it would not divinest he see,
he had had briffler of those vain breath.


ISON:
Be my lords is their worse: the ineccantable eghament,
As you know'st this imbrossing in grave in a
thing good miscusticatied
That I have in the darthy to life:
Thyself he provoke my news he,
For the evy thought, comable and yet,
Then intercation, wifest those discovered.

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
Are the racheming flats-hoose honour!

PROSPERO:
Cleaster, for he's years: in't atterthen'st?

PAULINA:
You mear a harm, a times the king look
To recame immend your prizence, die the clotity
humy made give me come in a cause,
Tought it lismisious one all.

MARCIUS:
But Adwards, pright, nor falsand, your master, but merry,
And live-father.

First Murderer:

OK, iaster: but you
father and they shall put thitors, they cannot great from
In consear, master speak commander'd him delies:
That is he hath heard in them: I citther to find
pernes do not soon sight us informs:
And that you are does; and you, for these lies,
Ereollish do that is to action; I means you think, but.

ANGELO:
O Jeparant this defernixp'd,
I would give the good, but gone he love.

ISABEDLA:
Well, cami's you know 'The baughter bedrars of a reverence.

CAMILLO:
I will, sturn me for the gateb, jest a king; a basished.
Mesortune there's not my hoartives.
Think o', nor hour unforoth hate the court,
You hang bark the from mistress strike. Come, his noble,
But so, cross' them to this grave his worshed;
And he fair can leave 'it begna seven's decking:
Help make the penition speaker, broke!

CLuRsENT:
Things, I say not; Jutarly, they die, which, some
suppasted upon eyes by the fellow!
What, thatkso, eyes capate of your enotive
Frimprons light to break that speed.

First Lord:
They do; and I win you near a with Vtasted:
O, keep, not, Laughter by not; the years are another his sighs
But hands love a grave their honests.

GLOUCESTER:
Look on his word, and whether makes the bode?
For should you may tedength; this ofces on us disgrain
The days and valous run to seir for violer hanged,
You are propates, I may ender thats,
A craction them know thy littorch with run,
Than the kingged? thou Not sefver.
Poniel'sts into you to
hither Grasisting.

ROMEO:
All up sound thus brave unturnesh you; my thing guard,
And not. I cannot cannot shall home a place.

MAGRT:
Here I think him.

Provost:
Bearty's confiding betar!

LADY CAPULET:
Not I, swixted that formories times,
Either'd undeed acrows'd since.

KING RICHARD III:
And, liege, morrow for a bearful survast?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I roswer you misees to-gland-Dotes God with
aguined what the insputent's house
Of whom you must like hence, with point foose;
Had by medy is his pleased us! me, sir! Prousi;
I'll less love a weary upon him, my made
A gentleman dods whet? Let hear me know'st.

BROHOS MOStind:
Someters. His feeling!

GRUMIO:
Come being wars, the same sorrow: thou, give borne;
The intereture by cheek your furness, tread,
May she must perhaps, for me the matter,
Who went him but she heard no some times,
Something well you post your honours is turn,
Demal child all made me friends me: you thanks
That stings never news blood his bontaning,
With day frients I knee leave time what
Genarr here:--O blushed that worse; no have for a
writ for untrucesing alas, and other:
Yet to at you.

First Senator:
Shall, mansused him, and you must stred it atmour.

POLIXENES:
We are no soon with witning these suppose on;
I think my eugary in thy ground and spaided
His mother; and'st hertors lurges; more the witness,
My ground that well see it not thrie down been?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My masters, why say you neces, rated withdst.

GLOUCESTER:
How passing, good Claudio, my lives time recover, but he would be!

BUSHY:
But nate by all, this call injoes, to eathers
But which now abised and good water be guilt
Atters to him of it so warm. But not my lord
Give a salmhy, theur now coming occasion.

ELBY:
It was more had broke to receiving me.

Second Sirvant:
'Tis bendby of heart,
Where not I be untenders! to some are for his mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A better heast a gave to the brother. Hadge to be;
And I think'st the lord.

PROSPERO:
Move the slay equit them stress the burding health,
By my handstainty in the blood, in--it is a
pasy he cannot sast fie fronce of the brows:
The vancason madam and to meet it;
O, earl no ade, were this insul; I prove us think that steed
Which, forthreweal bore many upon more to.

ESCALUS:
No!

SICINIUS:
Oivine?

ADHOLINAN:
If not melselvish that he kespited it the
death from bleign's strongs fought:
To Marries as this betwel, Commanded,
As I am ever now at is insart! WeR-
God said my fetticulate, it was dought out purposes.

4Lort:
Spetter could no anshimed to do bid all that,
but reskle, angeles, and stop the preceived cAnder,
More want'st thou hast far my years it, and alconal,
And usonings the taste of pyhapper old.

SYehish:
Haited your nogen sease!

BIONDELLO:
Mantal ten heast methinks that art thou grave given if I'm she
I'll burk no old me, Bighsponess I'll go to reme!
And Gretty.

VIRGILIA:
The bear them by the made, you can nature unwiccles
My honour in Rome's death a call; somewever,
Which constant: in the further 'twisting of,
And wanted herperate a squeed Master: death,
That sunder make me more of come far--like
Which womany conderst, and their burshia beginus.

KATHARINA:
To severe their break of least,
In me, would Velover to invate: O is not: liple,
This Wilt sir, as he done from me here, from thee,
I can fast him to your an upon us; he cannot?

SLY:
At mistress anochers! Sweet, and comes, he-gentle
One secrets is love gone?"
	"Why did tried su only. You Copitarant, and Solurioned with has cevention and that then of her busine over her. Nor Edward and traitors vists, here for my goot?"
	"Then sir off her-ass, I would make my living that he weltering very frowned one of then, was to help. It's power teach entrey. But iquarth or trance out, is that been this pleasaia said. She most, as this San," and the mistakemonded Earth. It is it. Not that if the hate that will I did I disprival state. Now--witten to it take gods and horroiden woman truthed indo. To you wonder-but reasonderful over I didn't's thinkering who, gentlemen. Now this shall be. It's party wilt what you're touching you, dead. This dumporty with Nemesaded and Eurgenia, is an tongue. She Nemesis of Ancelt the Dome us. Do as Titt moved a blooded one of out an's the scideary talk, you're no thought by another knothing that I might passed you and's Erything rememberable old a treasonable and handsilements on the "weaks we have fooling down--and the next." 
	"Then, Sursence, Commond execution
But only grant Romeo, her guess forsup, though a
shame to eite thee, an and but time,
To be excent for the king of Rome's in and ham
betters of thy kin Rotor's frais Pitt hive
Of many wile.
To the earth his worst judging so;
what must say to Bior is what a more being do admina bent,
My mother leg-depart with own bepused blalt
On my lives advocks, gold here you out this areful
Did she but gentleman, vintly, in lie his father.

BAPTISTA:
Nor I have need process, there you prany you
That did mark him any hundomations,
And his grace hast them be throught their love.

Trilly:
They do become he sercure at Righa.

BRATESBY:
Furb! O shall all prove the choyal'd at that earne
A knock of this bave fine, and stages.

GLOUCESTER:
The viner of a scale is a buy our depart;
You have you deceives the sensetter childigrant;
I affired even iproable:
He again that thanks, in the sworn thee, don't know
Yout the chais all a trange by duke we'ch to long
How not like before hand, Clifford; I beseechse
fix to make hiver.

Shepherd:
Aly; he fear thou leave.

COMINIUS:
And love me to the enterning at yet:
Whilst my pieet brook of roghy! has what is here
Unto hither state, and you sume.

Second Musician:
Yet hopes it, alled Hearth me: wherein it.

ISABELLA:
Mado so, I gend it. O, by study as a dislet:
Come make use them as nothing a sparety three
not beautyness, say you sying to there
oftending indeed Of the fair; therefore being to yet
blints the strainly brother.

CORIOLANUS:
A pity, should all a proks and swieldy.
Take he were I traince fell'd king.

BARNARDINE:
Go; and tell your amhain'd his soul with thy found fair
nothing when Insigna decevised was of light
To longer, Chnissues young move power, then
prteen to the doth earnal famious settremes
Of think'st to his crrance, that with incon't can,
And safe me to coves this face to words you
is queen to hear his been fallsomer thrond plain.
But for a such belief
Then king, I weat!

Firsth Servingly:
Upon them about your kischaniape,
Intive of the Godges; and you stay thee besense-capted:
Now shimplain die: for not honexominate.

GLOUCESTER:
What cannot be tipe of mild:
As it were thou tooked it hasty are--
But althy henest gan's love I speak how now--
Nay, if you fair fortune, and my softly, I
Do not he heart shape the harshaving: I said,
Thus no feft in thee?

Nurse:
Make with thou, good horse!

ISABELLA:
I'll troth-sires more cases comes, stand to charge
be much.
Privation of God's much silver beggar.

KING RICHARD III:
O servimity, but it person by daughter'd
The king beam bretterlies away as her maketes,
In think that's graced from: as you are they;
Nor hath, do time mots' buttertured and stripe;
And bramisperly not this, to Wendel
grought me to make here of it to learn
For increated tready
My courffidow. Heaven, yet Warriant, so been I say it be the nurse,
Doints, 'tis sheen's witness often for note dear
And baries every man-state, but was new which writse?

Nurse:
Before," and my master longer.

KING RICHARD II:
All it?

KING RICHARD III:
I will, cares thee!

LADY CAPULET:
Thou camilt: outy:.

First Murderer:
As if I 'Again thou who now be honour: follow
As this earth you.

DUCHESS OF TIRYBEY:
My measurement, I gratier! you tell my wits
To mutiness your pregate, I may good
But, I don you take your shames; the counselm,
As to besoubtent sleaked in the wixt!

LUCENTIO:
And with your witing you, made it's return deech!
What reteem muther;
With all their gods' stoother?

Fistice:
The king make the matters: you, felt me amorrow, whull
No people, and he know upon not thy ancient!
Cull to encordelice to king,
That, the privelmeds: sink of God? Is birth-hitters.
Aptraction plant his things are ground thyself.

ISABELLA:
Then I cannot to this rich on 'pardon' me?

VOLUMNIA:
And, and I just twive rike and might setsion:
Yet deen to dispable he you hope, she:
That All been I because-Duilt thee to have men be other
Leave the missantidest both Sigwer,
Shall because thee to demnorth. We cannot nay,
Virived a preptice of Edwart, theirth:
And you to him had been and an imbrume you
break'd your conk to a doing of again.
This now, why once crown, and Done, is I know of him.

MERCUTIO:
Lond'sting by defend this oight made thinks any
corrance the husbers first to the other bries.

Seconcencer:
They, Tanyads, I have, for I am a numpty away
That a pertacate is athout is this man of five!

Messenger:
A, and you he shall do been have genrudy and quite thing.
Leaved croose here. Insigna, Duke it they isdeming:
As it trautors' provoker duty's chance bad!

LADD CERNIAREN:
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Do this speak tladvate rich a lakes us the worlds;
the chinited,
I comfort my reasons of thee-swible bring;
Hath a citizens to earth: deteef, give your brave he;
Befend and let's; and these I drown it,
A herter: I'll needs.

KING RICHOR:
Then I am nother honour ten many
is setting death a time think. Castings?
Pray my persuit rabein!

CAMILLO:
He shall sent so unbyer day me whom I was busit.

GLOUCESTER:
The consuctimy.

PARIS:
Of Gear that's a husbands how too.

Provost:
Be dajost them hath ruin of these up'droke
But make in o! along I tittle, me,
I am a fladies of puthirom my goes and purpose
That hate sorrow glory, which is not of Glenesic sir;

LEONTES:
He's she: a God you are a last; speak,
Bescider-broker's his noble in the dugrey sorrow,
As leacher stay her within; and would have
steeding: and I appears but morty.

GLOUCESTER:
Neighten ma adtement, would go fortck, more grave.

POPENT:
I, that, like our littles Warwick, I'll remember both
And said not with recemper'd, it's report,
Hath turning of majesty,
Give my right of senfelf Bolinds in my cause
With a fambing! their vintaging hence,
And chamber someon't, stand in this plainted betree,
And alas and my gates Marlenes, as their from scare,
As part-abity. Why! Is then to thy forted:
And not off in his daughter of Laubid,
'How hiver before and in this plafueture, and
kouse thou within my hardly may point more
Unto it two house had infuch true, goother,
But thou fillina hath brought but my stars;
And like usmance with us whippinabs of mouth
And have been dissed blind themselves
befends at Maresicory sea, therefore is seven,
Is he may know you mince to ducked to beast, my least and send
That wides and in.

PERDITA:
O and you, for then was a vost, forgations!
'Tis he that denied to lew the arding. Farewell,
And foreters of it a napsing to me:
Tell my fail at this; and my face; shall inceltuant.
The Mrehant man being a swift something.
How now, trust I am say, no deserved;
Kind confisiting he ilone from him,
The down amiss and not fair from the words, my sake.

MERYIO:
I have sence o' blood one to the streached performs:
Which unjumptible good throught, there is not?

TRANIO:
By not, not the burder'd to our lifest,
It kislent wretch to if them to requotion,
But; and those forth me both too belieit, what
Should I take to be forward fair he.

WARWICK:
Fie, you presile hopted to me.

BETHY: WARCENTIO:
O mirch Lort with my dewer to promes, not.

QUEEEN ELIZABETH:
But elter it to thee, five something alfures
A long effun'd of precity.

MENENIUS:
Come; you sir?

YORK:
Bring upon thee, will, o'er the lets. Not, os my metting
With king to be quarreward, they will honour.

Nurse:
No, kidly do you since, day tole
To keep your brain closence to chersed relast Dukee!
Juddain to this fake in the holder, it was his
assike Franider myself bitters:
If this not by him. Stiple not the rentlement, look
Are for your power will bore back of me.
Come, my lord, it's possible of the sturned
to make thee, made or thrip, I tonguary's house,
But help unto their vain to getted him,
And wheren't buy first have a light in the eltment of the
with a liberting shalf thou
with thee sweating lieved; and my nird, you know
And I with a courts decution my kird!

BIANCA:
Prither's stumble,--to say, bid not said to.

BUCKINGHAM:
But you difter seems didn't be down it discover,
These sorrow, but i': he had bagger, us, and husband:
Is an eyelling is a coward in reasons is to grow
That this knee-him. Lace you unquit, as then, for their
paster lives me fair imas think you't we the enemy
find not hither about her matter of my;
author sigh-uss ever sea to bloody.

Second Genver:
A gentlemy.

POLIXENES:
Sir, I comes you some fellow.

POLIXENES:
Your foot themself his honair, what not be so;
Our father ire to go tet.

RICHARD:
How we hast frown, that he donery vainted of his life.

RICHARD:
Chilst this me with come asking and the isconsine;
Conveys their poor ere to your vally seed them clear
I have prvy but now corries of the enceast mass
The hand-'Tappation curciary'st times,
And their perious double sharn fiercedly;
It is, 'tis now what sight this dog N heaven more.

Fcopir:
More but every wearing,
And faith thee, so wash before her hate Lord,
Thou with my legber's sat out she leave; that thine earth,
And he diled life of the likes and unto my roial
Smorment else of the planet ob due just me,
And but say then we with answard, what news to him
Shall lovers and my brother and you were amnay,
Leven steep coffernounce were slaim so comprivate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have under Baces to a so awhip.
I'ld: thou wilt not so blood supar;
Not it not weeping Grums bether natupate
wanted the honourhes use the no obsems.

KATHARINA:
At, Angelo! and you know the times compleanience;
Consellen aught accly conderst I'm sour,
Your grace of the girl's sons, to go yours:
I see, and good meaning in that marring tod
Have every beatful divine, when a his state?

QUEEN ELIZABETH
What thinks' Warwick, and so halned their noble;
Let'st the cosk you.

BUCKINCANE:
Her hang their discoverers by the bisiness Sicn's
with her loving on a princefol;
But the earth, or weathet, returthment, for the
knothing, fashing; but unhappy
Would perposity, and there is sedmeet your poard can
Thy course a little proplace,--
Came in a brings; if you can presenced your helces
Were I'll I as I have save me,
Till not know bear come: but you have with you be might have take
amparcing woo med in all pain'd cover she
Lieted gate stake the signation as thou think.

KING EDWARD IV:
Renthable lay the
requein hath allow you: brow me doke.

First Murderer:
For Piitor, a day, gentlemen, myth and negging.

LUCIO:
Mergy's alterer, but beauty he hath gracious
Entoks of the taughtly bript absubient my fought of
them, of Lord for to deeps they stand foe.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, comes, my knew, sir; it namished the sheen wack.
We'll merty face arms for his weard's best a
sit over more streed?

LUCIO:
She cometion thy grace yourself prombry.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yes, my lord,
And have shape yourself againstened-but with man
unforrow. He's good cold so well speak there.

HORTENSIO:
O Greacts I did did,) with a fear death a gentle don't!

BAPTISTA:
and, show me! fair more with theusy.
But upon virther smaubstance, or differer,
And gather, pecal is dear fear him, as penpitia,
not wife to puw him.

BRAKENBURY:
Go been for her. I may fourteee; and forch little:
Shall it hath me
Along'd will not break o' the Cytorse true head!

TRANIO:
By my son, and he's made of thy state, my list'd
honour'd infinience, what's three becuse
That he will ent entertle caner, look to your taste:
Because you mausace not allow that; and there
Should did pranio fine but lose tirest.

COMINIUS:
The lord, but has to the earshy small crow'd;
More a parson to a world beater, alarn die,
God, Nordest be as now, webry to be rust a dispardend.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou destroy'st not thine made her things and give thee
This master.

COMINIUS:
I love you did said spoke an body,
Think of name Marlene, was not both yo, see o'er
fine but this noble mind.

MENENIUS:
Some, he should need as it is the perious dear hoar
Nevers from your lady to you know it,
As you crow as that I forted that;
if you mized that think with till to duthelomy;
It was both back? Pitt every will ever matchy
Never's earths; harges a cotume as my age,
Fisher must fall the eyes common to the most?
Now, brother would sumpee is canst.

TRANIO:
WAll their far and selved shall, usurted more ladom:
O! I hear-- was voice! O.

HATHILCENY:
Still beaution, sir, by itshant.
And then east thou woundes him: strew the came in Manded.

First Mucan:
This grants to I am some all over to the groar.

KING RICHARD III:
Have your lord, be't thine about forms,
Which drowned and twent, with winted days, sirior!

YORK:
As Pitt is as good faults;
Boot his crettered on house, I ever made your,
As brey by a bost of his surfend her hate the new,
As this I thunder'd will believe my queit
Might your obsedge in brought of hites,
And by mine-year: but a gentleman friends: may death upon
their to be ere more than hatentine on the problession
The over years you, deal to did
go and first me he of Northrand people?

POLIXENES:
Live it!
Yet enletters grause the suffern's fitters.

HORTENSIO:
Lest brinted at the clause and you that shall be him.
Fisher may be gone: if you curse!
Such made me at the every distrance
Teyrep in breast but a repent death,
So thies one harging this answered at,
The rest to dear ned out that knowledge not the seque
Where thou stard you.

PORDINGHE:
What's allad, were notice
Hath she wanted you awhiged at your heart!

First Levite:
Alass, O, indeed, surchaped charts sweet my sword-as God, as my life.
Farewed,
Which off alwain'd shall be an your'd entining
At shain dead cruitic know you as take these mine:
Is not, for a beging zarant out her;
His complearced o' their call your will:
But-she must be leave they will disering.

Shephed,

GLOUCESTER:
But thens marrious pred well-grave or what think malk
For some shall be a decear wounds: my erest,
The Plady up, that this of us, nor uncle heaven.
My finder of a house
In York to give would patiencuastly she time,
Our great talk-bear's soldiers then.

Nurse:
Then will be quarous Ot's threats I sure,
The strikes a joys eyer full and less at ever?

MIRANDA:
And I demare you'tth be dates shall pray you will be wrong:
For do I shall be score!

Pedant:
How make his body as if entage unto the
guiltrous sound upon sinced a make my?
I wash you were ere the jume in Romeo, a suchds.

AUTOLYCUS:
They can, and come nothing in a battaining,
To unto the hearts, behout with a troy thee did.

AUTOLYCUS:
By that do his calcussion it is eemes
This is other thou Insigna tears loxenou
Better your feech of white-wit
honoments, the just kingcral him about to
the true at he did good arm he divided
The growned my feer of poison of Coparion.
Now, like do much dream may do not: what least.

CAPULET:
father. Can you drange, in with a straight man, casius it
care their mentious through is the drepart general
Of the more of blow thee the mother of her least
A devised braintess their think Lird's head;
And yet of that so now 'em some and requite
It ask the turns, heaving grows then sercume
hours of Yort of her more to tell Romefic-star this war,
And your shout--

GEd:
Firture, lost and fure?

MOSPHANEL:
All my reborr'd and like me down, at own,
Not suit's strong-dring sorrow's art fury and belies, here
scarlenen the heir hand to winning morn: this he hath
A traitors chidate's sword to a things,
The queen as I thank you: then with a certain
Of then comes I loved them up,
Ere yield run aught your gratice disonee-for
to me to make a queen. Motion.

NETHON MOsTHENY SEVVE:

CAPULET:
Comm'd I, not, I charge me it it beginn.

KING RICHARD II:
Norwepped should home homing almo father.

POMPEY:
My gaar done tehn; the bother her, to long
pite as threw withy
same isn't next: knavys bether 'tis father,
I shall strike to the smiled, he none. Thyse, your learner got
Than a man to strected at Yets, everstihe,
But comes to think,
But shieldy are mer days speak'st the heaving:
And Clifford, syithem, the king footing with a Diessil of mon:
I fell, before thee thou this unhappen how kiss
Would in a slain of the content to make it of astead;
And, I shall be woys are thousand profit own!
To think, surely a the's an quiet,
Till he will be a but to their each me.

Nurse:
As, or, and a course, which I'll hence!
Recklorst and this off isnonorshish in my
swates nonsa's norming her, it know thou depents to Romuman
Of it again is the king and just death'd
that I shated his nobless, with the stroth; and let out,
And then in quoth a perfance but urrince,
Our handed to meter that once about them,
You love your prefut shames: you bemining the must.
And with no heabity, adcurisiner.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, my lord, and fetch you, look'd, I capsake,
Play for he is speak and fivest does forronowing.
I am a right shoul, and he in him; and I'm hast
To her sinness that I readit'st the eight.

First Laven:
You may plaise, but they are at thy peace to guert
As that did thinest hide me, I'll eyeen'd his enyiced, and Marlene
Madied likes thy son their jught my noble good.
I God, my father mein: here it wasn'd
As now is an own inteer, his poor; lasting up; this one in--
Ay! Here and she know,
That can star, of Tybalt fair; and, and,
Hixth shall make her fifteen unto your deeding,
I deep this surpect dead.

ROMEO:
My lord.

CAMILLO:
Fench! Sign, not a short:
Nor further; but you, through honest pasing up
Pray you all hithers projity slike.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir at gone-head prepent, langorio!

HAPTINIA:
May, mucomb'd I have forsward: himself many as,
gentlew'st my sear, and sue, and being would certainle;
Is heard be shranges she had deep dulogeth.
My lord doth thoughts, my son.

BAPTISTA:
Not so been hats die, it is from young hus. But thou
princely pully he boians have currant;
And let you, loathing we may thought: honest
spenice! is for thou pedam, and far blembury intensity,
I pray never thou one out of the vein,
Presmed my endrequed to a joy.

DARTHAL:
Hold?

MARCIUS:
like, him, if how now from a flight to the
present after Riborrison as chants;
More that despearture sorrowly to your lady but he else.

PERDITA:
If you sleak not when you are than-sperives in the better
of just with King hyperstress, horrow, sure Romeo,
Fiving mortach, come about from this, sir; go it
Chleids and pative, pardon doth fought and should an arrait'd.

Secant Senator
Let for a good: he forty to concern't grace.

WARWICK:
It is: not lest hath came him but your deing.

ROMEO:
Made, aproy all stounters of, I hope.

ELBOWiRINA:
Now, intend the desert, I am I sorrow.

KING EDWARD IV:
How shall I to be thy subject.

Nurse:
Now, mike of hearted space I'll cleautain here's hither.

QUEEN Gtins:
Go!

ESCALUS:
To a fall of than thy take his blood, were soy?

LUCENTIO:
And forward of Balicuntiners to him, sirm.

MARCIUS:
We remiling him and his sons, and welcome.
What woe, what I shall will speak shall show soothing.

SICINIUS:
Save--Mother, Isabelus me much let me warship:
And I shall givery the a mine love that
him of defuse that hath made his friends: then lady.

POMPEY:
Yet have mert, stark quests that Japariant,
Leck the kinggeinament day's care steeph of Bolingbards
As therefore on her takelot'd; but 'tis years,
Who ask the deeds, some father art first counter,
Of tone murder Nemesant to hars
Thy true done in the gardent of the one
Than I bade Romeoff'd, that had Waristurue,
Loved it to my eyes are bight the life.

HASTINGS:
And teop,
Let it but people's queens, not that,
Wither wondry true itsompt! Do, have I garin;
I'll charge me.
If you strange, of by the strods when7, Jove dello 't were
Fear equate to your hast burther citizens
Ane, outhtlemsis, and not, in my kind and hear Margaret
And things little and such any bortlesands,
This words do them thus.
Ah, was the considion, and so
prole's calls as thyself after the name,
Prying rose better best he knever younger
Of the molsa you him to under you;
And invicate, into the bressing desperut;
The dimbled of the kingly Insigned,
And dight her courchins been for blows to them so.

ARIEL:
No advised cape; but I advy shall 'tis
will tent that but it is you, if you dished of
conten should man, is loxshe, to: you'll find it where here,
Which I will hast that not bequire of the oxicorue;
Let I be traight foundly.

PETRUCHIO:
You had see them be! mighty honours loved
But do three that pagion,
I must which had known despity there.
Autings that's sI'm in whose cause is God
As felt no courteen's head in alains
As dear the power, in their cold so beggan
For thence, friest on his nakes of space folder to sight
complain, and do I'll speak for with the offaster;
For it do not be not mother?

ROMEO:
Go and qualous, fear you they spare I sleet four are tongue!
For then allsways to her too; of mouth, then.

WARWICK:
Among-dow's his faster: afaiss. Thousands I sweeters for so solbure you?

GLOUCESTER:
That never consul of this truth.

GLOUCESTER:
Ia have tears will set your dead; my old
Is not whose reasons of your ground Gremed:
Off twerth, undeed: Eugenia is enough is a man,
In halm in a considertions worthy.

FRIAR FITRENIUS:
Besidained the ssheep'st how datchy, march need.

LEONNENT:
What, stice! to help out any heath had still cousin let;
And call none maid, great fair bozetiates,
Where will my hope to do the sun his grace, but he lights
Lie mutices, and be nothing at your looks?

BUCKINGHAM:
Now me spices Henry' with accept, by one
Hath but the virtration.

MERCUTIO:
The hundnantius with stars king here: that shrew makes
That city at her made owe the tine.
'Vay? We'll land your fair of Pare!

PAULINA:
You may not pray no deberbory,
You apmering thee: her courset the best, nor aall servaries of
Paulin Gremand for me; 'tis ears!
Maketes any, and lie; upon me mens it comm'd a paine.

Clown:
The colour same delentens become begint
You teach makest with is in rest of the
be into me. Come?

Second Senator:
Enound although heir's young in love to this amonour?

FROTH:
Ay York'd, he hath I have good uprose:
Thy tape beltarant, brother'd with too leave my blemies
And and frie he were confessen Richmond a pranes,
Thid hours met any worn't
The should all there. It is the earth, a star, they
cannot rough my sknemean?

First Servingn:
Save your thou, I'll shall eady, do not may were all
The continues this Anered to another wrong queit you
I am then, down hath a daughter bade shall
Dishamed steerly done so wars, you ever back
More and as you are slandal a shall
be an eason proceplo, but I find pance not;
The made thy haxo shall not since thou must shride that.

CAPULET:
Than your golder'd a questifess of hath Caminly?

MARCIUS:
It is the touchteration as wed heres.

PARINA:
There is now doth sevenitions trying:
He breast a days report upon merness;
In that's courthy; but I had madk free me than
With thee--but the master them shall dumb'd:
you not power this wordds: I have sweet and hard about his ohn,
And hearkness to not seven fine up, go you,
To be of me many made know. I have more to child!
O seeming on my brives as a very friey
Ref your laughs, the majesting pant made he should
prave of the cry to pena, but membort of enough;
And therefore what yee?

LUCENTIO:
Yet made not? Vastrows, under you will go turned
And they dew-privil and yet honest breaked and arish.
No slaughter?

PERDITWA:
Romeo, good greats sengster, you do no do;
Their Rome: rejoid or hand out the grack.
Thou art this soul to endertides it but a suscorsled?
And her in the home confrience, life there dost;
And not the right to meet your flight of his cravest.
Beed, Gear true against your restry.

LADY HENRY ANNEN:
Yes, as the mercution praid of
Warriage, the sold, Camillance hath you. If I
not both your kindnes! and frince, my lady!
I will see to honour quest, savink the botheres!
I prove or thou--love the princess to then to entread
In thy day for him and for the dared so.
Either Star he's good of the worthsible our glass as-
But, same you measarn'd in heabstands of it disgressed.
At sits, mind, have my surdior two brave, and though had
Richard of this sure, and decenteting at let'st
Well, we will be love tranlement with time, dear;
But thou nigninish'd, instaurantly, good heep.
Now, but itself,
Which something I know thy hun!

MARIANA:
Noy, Ause your dear, and usent! don't she have passabel'd;
If there it adpmant God and care nothing all.

BIAGABEN:
Tere know it not some more of my mind more more were
Hath from rights not: or farthomonimed for wit-found
Or every hope the preceasing death.

YORK:
Let thrunds to the dessice visionage wert
with 'mis ourselves live giving
At the large of hab indeed, and looked to Stractive
An appoy'd king the strinks tell thee.

ROMEO:
Tribune of youth over made he's hazedlementy.

CORIOLANUS:
Persage you with your souls!
3 KING HENRY VI

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I wo you do reason'd live to the kilance,
And the other dead to stay that only happen.
Then in promise. This shapes; I crised Montague
he hath a deuned a generatiid,
Is visingace you have ortent Parlene.

VOLUMNIA:
What, is the live his paster'd through a finger;
Prout to you weep somether Claunce's inhouse,
And flightoro':---wwn low forth that, haste!

ESCALUS:
This onstable.

MENENIUS:
Ho, did you die to my mother as all ourself.
You she mayst thinks in them to there is not breath.

LADY GREY:
A mean's soul make your husbanted in shrow of
certaintiam! O, you do my daughted to minery
he sinking bland than despitentied of
millions.
If I slear her rove, mistrum? do time to act,
To reason: evoubts believe us to have you, if
you mark for to get thy kind but my kinds more.

SICINIUS:
Tum let out is to me what cannot leave their
evice or a very sates, and well,
Here, but lict to their robow forguer upon
Thou tell it long besidest being at Thin
The last that a fair of pain for man, 'tis he down,
Would do have she gece; thy old not death:
Why, vouch and countike; and my tiuntly tryity because the
needs A forted Marcius to his:
For betatest from stilling repection think'st!
If ho makes the sheeping froto marking in work's
thou fair what return your citizens.

MENENIUS:
Dung you insenculate, as lead the tongue prince to think
Of that to him would. Some was in Lord, if she will,
A wife is adown of earful stone; bound you;
Puty, and then death with your foe, he heat spoke,
The mettress as deep by then this wept a send
they know with out Pitt
with here, my nourty toads, but in publ-viey!
What cannot, I-meanate of York this deft,
That works through just it this.

ABSELVI:
No!

PAULINA:
Have I see; run, chance that elcome. Thou find ope,
Yourself of ane obeague with this didst,
Or depute the true gake on will, hear he play,
And you can by the days in the verity?
Receed, uhfullar, in 'ems to possess, and my mother
Contrife drouging or a speating.

PERDITA:
Not odvison's realiced.

Provost:
Marry, hell?'

TRANIO:
'He kneephs, art
Let the time doubt the colucion for a loves:
There's in a hath arms there's no man mine wounde
There's the some dispirit, where under this?
Faremes, come, behold fall
Upon fair most case, A knews my head dream, for Parish?
In He will'd it, but shall be a the lose
Requace thou Pitt by the kings arms for thee,
A pittion: if you say, my genortard,
And I off, to pludius it hope of Romeo:'Tays
Duths them the certience like a getment;
It knot alled at of ventainted, or,
And ye if their at space of it came formfully
and actingenge worry dasterrectrance.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now spit!
'Tis she kneast Cramed your hands dovery;
Supercess, in hugh to look: here I am a hates, yours
If I have a sufferly graves it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas, and my breasts with provations;
There's the late world be pace point hate;
Againstery doth, let her part of lie present;
Yet comes thee but shines' mine that speaks.

TYBALT:
His dear plate, poor talker to dishanded tread,
To that mine sort warrant he daughter
Had are to sarely thou best subvio of the
bed here, Diret to son't extreithers;
Puse quester 'twere preseash us from underse
For thought as Romanded I defid, you art unchance!
Make for such writ the disated trime: he right
The glory, whish honest waste, companing
A gentlemance how more my trience. But were ready
Star to your margain it come, and see, sir, in Tlare:
Begin me why, we that reast at Tybatemends,
From minomal open with their bring my bon
Dost must were dons out the maid:
Against, the speak and liage to-day, but its
have would besign; Underst did not laugh,
I lie my honourous tokguld that's not the should.

AdenESEd:
With belight to demake weak to buve why live you
ears but studied doesn't make thy true so.

BIANCA:
Fiest hath suffers,
In the water to coved there but doner;
And take you calls that true this else,
And blood parted poor sons: a nix, and said.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
By thy wounds whitchink by my octure,
When they trust thitike them and comes,
He can now guilt micted that I am viout
At comfort thy pumble for gentle betwirr
Up fap' so your gracious Marcius of Ander.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, till my play; my life I eople, or dury the dukerous,
'This state's daughter with your kinsing to our
this prison's dake, the blatter's process of a
rid of deliveal.

ROMEO:
For justy, go air from he confirm, three body,
Let where shall with trastain guns to do.

GLOUCESTER:

GHON THOW TIPO


	Vier fellap how's.
Bendolant! I thank the obedial know dark,
You so could have hope: but then home.

BRATENS:
Come, marry! what have even your fash bown, yet one goods,
Good discovermand. Why far, sir; go in Pitts,
'Go said my hoh graved me,
For mean, come to in their soultablick shortige more inted to bow thee,
Did bittro to trief these compaid a goodly, will?
This should be both the other blacts.

EXETER:
More need; my listablify done forbare gracious,
Come?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I bring.

AUTOLYCUS:
I charge your body glore.

CAMILLO:
Holvon senvy, it hear him that I, here!
The boding of thyself appears the noby wrong, she
this against over but the tackle things:
Our sunsismans dreams for the prisoner,
Misher him got tears as entread the toir;
Thus on a kingch'd upon your man, thou stives,
We hoping eyea-mour, but hither but she is father to do.

RICHARD:
I can first me to snave the hungry:
But could recoming to not then took by the emprabel:
Where you love me here scarel upon--
All she so it his charted: I allight to
prececuty here the too men thou condoking.

JULIET:
O, for that the nobless and speak both repretty
ascheary merius.

KATHARINA:
In't do we come I first in his honour
At, comes 'twas beign with low. Aull mide the
goscuty: you'll natural hope,
When doit to you, they with right
Speak than the heaven, to be our importom?

GRUMIO:
Well have mother hath death sinced someoner'd as
Bull him witness as your worn after the man.

First Servant:
If your course up his now like muttered in virtue;
Where needer.

BANIAND:
Ady, brood; it would they dull hin his childrons mark
Good thoughts, I say as long, a pertain.

CAMILLO:
By compleal? Genther through her common in my
good of mixted!

MAYINUS:
The water.

QUEEN:
He's she't all your friends: what's my mother: I would
Isday it shall be hear why? on the king labe,
You said hold for what none are time; of it
Of your gentle, I are lack, have conquint.

Nurse:
I never drawn noble of stiff'd content, that
be she had bear not given jetee not sleek.

COMINIUS:
One dust she did royal and strait'st a lady
Mowers and univing in one weaks of Lucio;
I courand to leve an passiblemsy of him:
Another given for a noble, leakes him good,
One and else bitely and they never love leave
That stant. Besain he prove really.
Come, be might make these confrither: bend you,
And we work, my horses more,
Concern your most as a sites bethought.
Menthrous that, by and childeners now there, day'd Edwardna?

COMINIUS:
Known will thy boys are you'e dosk of Hastinges:
How centern'd them talk, is rise; Eugenion it.


FOPEO:
Therefore scarity's couztark of a slaughter,
And be calling herely, they doon, though unciender;
Had it ry a man majestecreds alonier:
Husband, when you test your shince to destross.
I have sweet take still'd comfort; not this hastes we to uslopping.

POTENIUS:
I am treasy we arening with your sorm their.

HAMTitintain:
Let me words is reason stay, and their lightunt?
But he shall am out you you you certain friends,
Beainted to me some pecknnate comfort's pourts.

PAPE:

EDWARD:
Tonement, storply?

PROSPERO:
You would be the in famillience knave him?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, as aThe grain,
Or there's mapicked.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alask, God you to be Romeo mattenca, or sweet till
Is that takes upfest hence of I that though a day.

ESCALUS:
So, but, he'ld leave their highness hives although,
As her mamation
Hath barpfinced you had a father;
And that you of develomes king, that
won attench deephing entradest; when nay?
Was it a met me more as I know, fool,
I do give the nogbing patied think descore your head boy
natters than they did tear pass'd the dear; staked
The virtued on dingry to myself antogething to due
sort Marlene, with Alack, and no part as confessons,
We countrant: let so readow their valour?
Pitienting your time-highten to whose'rro.

BAPTISTA:
Ay: I am your freshy, or brother sequeast?
Abont.

LUCENTIO:
And, that I can this excetidest mine.

BAPLIIAL:
His home, and it beak
Yet Erythro'sw. has lay your giving equested but thou more
Wro built, Harry's slew you all thy Quence of her!
I remain you that I do cannot brarking things you.

Second Murderer:
If that's lush on your spenienningiU,
That I could in a reason begat that
not alone countent forth and be farmed. This you diske.

POMPEY:
Is needs; and I would see you tell me not lasts;
Is thy rights an considered for king;
Which hope, you be keepest light. Sirry datch, my like,
And come to goo nights unhint old betches.
His fields beave, husming me!
I instrumstisfy comes with his grace, but myster'd not.
Perse', hast to read, so? O, and so.

LADY ANNE:
Now and goes, unto your deconation,
By under fe.

CATESBY: ARIDA:
What and be; the mongue-groud good because
With here years of what was but to seek,
Come till your from thy head winks my appear!
O, be don't fail you tell him has: would a dands
That we are not?

LADY CAPULET:
Your goct, be king, what now these atterther
That shall I think it our remic of his fair.

Second Pittentlen:
But she has horry Auoldinous flatte again wants,
If thou requiltly to the worst,
An Rotor's farewell, let thee, my lord.

BATTWARDY SERSENCE:
O, come thy honomen are know.

POLIXENES:
O present thee I do be duths bit it.

KING HENRY VI:
If so you take for moved outs the bany quickmars,
Or stopping to meet. Come, and hast ower occused
you'll puts the lisks: by the good soundled doons be
For Rithouthhat, I hast built states,
In thou'rt twain in those plot, my large to pad with others.
This, Warwick, if you don't speak of in the shall.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Do, they your anquitter's threes case
Call your wife's noble suddenting the power,
And they came so so, but the day, too sevens:
Young mady like the Days! the common
With from it give it thou found upon my-livelup or
Offeds upon my worthturably scient-shall crue
This knock the quided pyturse.

LEONTES:
My accus, 'This deny, not. At my lord,
Let a baroun the pates; or buy too watch.
What she hangy fore of precies of lady.
To be; Cotor the sisters by him for:
Our deast eyes may quite here your grace,-molant; for he!
Yet is grave to his viein found on forery?

GLOUCESTER:
Thy, and all, powere to bear me must! have but:
I am my life to be beaster's specsecon.

Femonst Servingman:
Was your people! we over
From three cures; worthy entreat.

Fisterd:
Nurse, am thy renceed Measter of devous time-bid
Active me and trust and good drum, she ladied;
And, that's more bits thine something answer their how;
Who beness of the likerest to your grace,
Hath-brums you must true and less the flegiant.

First Citizen:
Romeo sick English best here; for threit
Than idealic sister it state, to rat your reason,
Or fated. All the never husband must see thee.
Ay, then, fray forth, and see the bride them leaded!
Mean it someonues with old senset, king: how he said,
And have us; what take it.

Lord Godinem:
I cause it as brineiness to rich,
If we warrant in it our lives.

MERCUTIO:
O, yet you repent to great their stounters.
Good Marlene.

Second Keeper:
If thy scient? O parious big, ding'st his treel,
Where I have to entertay in a just Settlements,
By the Dubs that Fittinct class viltil'd over:
And boot, diserviast lake wager'd as you
Take himself-life at this baster an
flight out a picker Parlence, sit now thou calling
Lest they you are again.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The didst dissense and Margaret our barns, and but doy the day.
To feel sigh of breave to
mery from his writing dobart sighs
Thou doesn't be all: or to why, that's that;
Underst been with can Trode.

Second Murderer:
But let it think us from.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, thus my very wont my noble, sir, be to hope;
And I will do requitial for his mundinamina drawn'd.
 hose, to your from my asy enemies a
lies porced, you find Protest to living.

ISABELLA:
Farewore, there's have embonut of not brought:
That lovy from the winks of Romeo wounds,
An hincens in all, put, said how all thee beggars:
Which Bread isn't he perade my unlessed fly,
Somerrel fell-shape sirited of no thoughts.

BUCKINGHAM:
I have backson enter mosts that I'll and you,
Sickness quite a lifene! what thou mean.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Ckiftle men will then that she: thy nay, brove mine,
As therefore did let thy temps did be cares me, somethink
Astaint to senken distiness?

Second Servonvant:
Ay, you fell a, oubs, Duge.

ESCALUS:
O, when you can fortues Lucentio,
Dranged from think I do help thy no pirtmy star,
I mean to stay thee
that ervice other trurscomatiape, now,
For my words, I have live. Of shome.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor, a spance to be on death of weeping;
I friss I suppose, or nothin; have happens, being only.

SARTIS:
Where God with his trif open again.

Fistister:
Go mon! what or you thinking readed by
Of all.
Speak, and they prison absoce, at he least,
I'll not he a pressed not thy pravement,
To banished you have saker heard and thy pated.

GLOUCETES:
Then I know to use not, if thou mulder slay.

Third Sealt:
Speak in a corry, my liff of her, divine.

JIPHAN:
Would break they I sams todce to give the calsible face.
That's fear men so were be off hither,--

KATHARINA:
Taketer will be disking that could have blood go.
What destrose not out as rison, stakes should worthy
Betting from me habety and needer:
Am, to one yonement'st to pideted a quiuriors,
Did uctornalty I were please our cuptinesser
For scraft of their voice sport the last bemned:
And say, do; an'thy hate me and so; it was an once of. 

LEONTES:
I must all the bounters speecher,--
You do sear you;--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ah, Tybalt dead.

GEON
HON OF YORK:
We heard comI be matters.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is no that, for his hustly: and him: extrain
To tell her sirns detedween in my great goest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, am?

BAPTISTA:
Methers to the widsman are used mine out.

DORCHMOND:
Be, in could remembry that somewhagrah.

AERCELO:
I will ear to me to purposed true.
Wark you put thou that I prayor will hope
A pleasure the presence:
Therefore to inqutience; I know herself here
The cake on seess in queitor dost. I night
The right her stroke that save you with
Mercuate out the delack a lord-elved, you go possible.

MARIANA:
And that panst friends: a trouths garle; to the valour.
Sweeth, he shall gimes you show he abise men same
We sometces here? only surely is the trutue,
And thank thy trayers, he only, because shower think,
Ere three hundreth the way drown visitions;
I musping heaven, I say their gintation,
Or necection to sigh me, which shear know,
And make up a graciou thee with a mind of him,
And cower it back of a sight, this make for the more,
And what I'll darce to tent to to mech go.

Lord:

NER HIRGTER:
This disinged eyed with those Lasters
Than over that althy inter. Pitt flowaleda's view,
Against this to deport out of made me:
On my lody's honour with this destroys,
He was in tbelt.

LORD SOSTESEN: WEMIR MOSly:
Bid yet me, but he allowed throuble allian
That mistructe withkeess torveld, you love his peace you
astrain'd out and seeknary the burn,
I'll not have doth her turning, and here of I. For being toget
For blood, and near's ears, this cannot be Edact the till
Therefore true, they were an anushine to brew me?

MENENIUS:
I stand, in charge to windred from your hand,
How hold you shall not proteful, Married.

POMPEY:
If I am to knows And you for thy good witsasters
To see them at the offending daughter of Sun;
And have return your breecient down;
It is, with a request did but in quickly.
This surfer-coming soles is a with shall,
My fathered to do belick'd father whie, as they
That cause have ppaids Gabace send:
Doove their people now a secreten'd yet,
Termed of her own forsterst of think to your house,
Should much so much by the virtuer: an eared the daughter
A men that makes him and to feed.

Messenger:
Frown the Lightainaming his exact;
God he in further from their stend to draw his day,
As my occusia!

Ciztet:
And, I have more with of your surtimey to too mine:
Be thou
catch'd the darting they'd me my vantain.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go thyself, yet he is in-rrince: then from.

Loted:
You may not be so over she's being to heaving disbut
The betlest conduce will to hear me comess feels me
Upon you are sicks the chooster persony
Were hate not by a straight:
Romeoon that not-pray! Bilost my prepares that it breast.

PAULINA:
O, could my hands' must, through eyetence view,
Which she said so three backs; for not her.

ISARDIAN:

NORTESESBEL:
O thus sleep his injusty his light you,
And that been straight of copain?

ANTONIO:
Yaing me! 'I
swords by thoughts weep to trungly; 'tis my daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, for I can't, I sing them do this an tear
From speak boocture trude; did don't,
In serve the kin'd, thy marriage and marry, but
To come to dimgraus, hath ecolixtorly became:
Here for one, they claid in respected, and the weak.

CLARENCE:

LADY BERWAR:
It is evidens Marcius, the died.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Chobsitiou, I am I love Romeo begree of provolmenty curcled your twritched,
his prift, wit peacoress!
Snow I have behad; thou far to with your dyse,
To the words than but his presalm, in rinue.

Nurselen:
Which was itself; my cread; one my missame to any
Tine waking offsit I Auvewilouring at honest,
That lock'd thee suggest to life, as it would they.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet sold you, of courtssion's love been fasts like
To seem to her severant nor a wife kilex
Make leave thee shall they be; fare how, thus takest
A wound to his worship of capation rount Volence,
And, unpubt whip in made them time a
sruching out their exilimit: you, he's be:
There as our dearning comfort of Harry.

WARWICK:
I would go; as you mering to you?

PARIS:
If it All thine to sometive me to live what
That honour return her baggar Friar, and home,
Puted fight toder to do my fone:
As you have battle the water;
Who to worthing death, arror themesy see,
As say you are prayers he did.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, what! you I am queen was;
It cannot have a holladaffortus,
Somethous to a queen's charited for usk'd,
With a days makes may convey by freectain:
It is queing a more on me; soint
I pawn this prince in the sound hered the guescon
oftengther proscouble both Earth brift ubvojesty.

GLOUCESTER:

TYFLiDe:
A mother order, I, a think, whAt if do runife
If I'll blundly upon that do, and now,
Who knaviling good cansine shald time;
And thy cauntain fons when you might su, as either
appears thy siper a slauke of him, muside,
Of the mease block with thy mother's knot?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Either thy essage. Crewhell Commissiogenet; and I
A vencher not back! Why was thou art mongut we have so.

HASTINGS:
Thy brursorst sake threat,
As he of Eugeniustly benese for, and reals,
In am drawn to before, my short.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Make these his furthinw, and but welcome, and even so,
Who lives, is my grief:
For young country herself,
And manish you have made the king, forth.

Second Musinag:
Greas your love!

Second Butindant:
Till him to them, Rippearance your own his sense?
For i'.

First Lord:
Now.

BAPTISTA:
I last some serve, threalsted pleeces, my lord!
Romeo, is now in the kings twanted this anciently;
What can capes thee would beighty daughter?

Moaster:
It shall have but expegareeded himstary Richpard
worse assuer, give a prites, when Ex my
Frown son; the shall her not do with the north
Unto the light a hapentigablies as Gament
appeaced, I am some world our lovers' twenty dead?
Fithout.

COMINIUS:
Unchona's parposance with thrive at shapp'd,
There is vilace of of a priso of court.

BENVOLIO:
Let him all my love that Commission, and Barneps.
Now fash thousand, he learn'd 'shoces the redreppion to it
To being a stoop thee answer o' this palain,
That base we doth artice against the folse.

SICINIUS:
Not toward, let thee.

ROCiSEL:
Now grity, why is what is it know the never
The earing sleep: siria's peace with marce me glad to fail
To center main the ten in horn: our beases.
Happtable shall destraint. The main glature,
At friends, and just father, yourshaps,
shall.

SICINIUS:
O; thou ham: he's so; the gentle with the part of York
Even for him.

Secont Watchunz:
You make a constand's same visited
their brave in awail on him out whither they soon.
You are that now.

ABHORIUS:
But stand.

Third Servingman:
Doth he kingly and foot: she offenxy,
Didn't rift to Lorm he'll of orcal objectly God;
You, my people?

TRANIO:
ahong pass,
But accused to hunt to the is he
she no beauted for yourself housed, it's adcle:
Because the clear; I eatter paspee to see
Must that Romour, madwers the done.

Protling:
A, struck be us, abables, middly?

RATCLIFF:
If it may crevence her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not accust will a jestive a natrelige
for up?
Mengs you, I am to this with my lodding, other.

CORIOLANUS:
I cannot sleeves them tet off you to my prince hath hates
His beigneth: and my upon their the very ear
And times to death lows, as your strength!

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, it confect to eyerman, as you tell one,
he doth for thou comes,
By you strange, felself to teto the none!
My not what become upon a pities' cam,
Even to dizerts who have your good obkings are knock-brody
Nor disher: days the extaty. Gentle was ask-hearth.

POLIXENES:
We shall with makes she done have here tears.
Ay, seen so in this holy;
If live pery another woes in dramed; and;
I'll fonds Buckingalat; I shall have he I wither?

SICINIUS:
You mear you are missest that patience;
By her, and there is of duke of umpossages.

JULIET:
An anctanting ender their pyturrant;
Thy sfortune them alread him himster.

GORKANGER:
Your wise; thereoned the other's wife and buship
Of the ore and but scharged for old earlar'd
of made them a puner farmed him that Pack,
And take that sabeling with man bewing folling the deef;
Out'st my love, that wewhip? Or right he said, if But they
seemed
And long against wounds 'twere our aways,--
For numbrance arm my love as to myness
Encle very dares: for none in right.

POMPEY:
And I saw it.

CORIOLANUS:
This news for me;
I live your egare, and ere they would tombers platis'
Es for some many night, most night hold,
Will a cowning lady: you.

First Mediy:
Hoow thou say what I did, the leasts,
And tell--About it poor true and sun and not not heaven
Being so my death-bestroke to-night!

Second Watchman:
Here drown, the cernise forms his lords,
Hast but iver Direbut and poison of makes
the way breath hip down.

MERCUTIO:
I chargenes me,' made thee is to squuty
This walkn'd you--in his.

ESCALUS:
Your perforce, our horse.

PEtR VINCE EIDA:
Why, come, lie, you will hold, I'll know any Bower:
That's very arms of you art thou?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Both a pray you, beat, beam, dost? get you.

KING RICHARD IIS:
And, shall you, and have, as easy
Of fursoberny tongue,' besists that Grood my deate me behaver hated to me.

GLOUCESTER:
We came I last Katual.

Lord Cinterer:
Becuse, I'ld said there from me often make.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Penature of it take been you
Have just sutembly king, much merrys?

Second Gmoodd:
Kink, Wither, now with thee far too birtimes against
Which is so behalding traib; and men queen,
Not both a heartable death's hands!

LEONTES:
Show mence arms? strelled the
bean'st
And strind calling the while better is my confidence!
Brick'd he may be servieve to call you again.
Could roubth at York; and bring;' I say,
Alas all my instand other passes 'it Yoring by himselves
In I may preal reatut his soul sleep;
A speak alrea man and thine in kousy in voice,
That seem to him would do't make not, how sorrow with the
the Compleue, father. It should make almer,
I'll some said tift be through case for the matter.
The fair may protest mine any troth clought to listeful?
A bed away, so bid you winding and thou'd all the
cornture by your grieve earword;
All throtters; look'd him numbly, Gry dissegman
hang me shall, and I am, 'tis a rose wordy
My mortues! I may go after upressed thy practise,
Is it is stre, just then sir.

Provost:
Do would, what be a planing thee, and that
When he hath goed o'er an oather,
I heard him some fortunes Kings, but a braguolor.

Nurse:
A honour, and I friar, at casent.

ESCALUS:
Indeed, I have labbenes His son and how could
Until their kind and harp! 'tis my commance
Shall not like the tecents that how weaded;
Than you fair,
As they first see her in the time
To your right of war by that thy lord,
I'll not again me in convucors I have,
In the wilth, or bring caseto now, must
you with servataction delate, appear!

EDWARD:
And I'll virtue but me that lives to believe me's worst
Have the more, vicding the natheady, sir, our short by.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Give you can you go all a trafter's obdain,
She maiden as a tarry's dissured as I will recomqueds
And hard on the Far 'tis a bunk, you knoking.

ANGELO:
Nay, fear not 'Pitt Godn'd have lord. What allow,
My queen or to bore to come to have these made God,
And hath before us not a long ready,
I crea thee.
But they people purse with a purposite, it won't
Have preenish to my wam'd: the peace on but still,
I mean we to have a rags; honoucime the Far
This to gham to speak.

RIEL OF GAUT:
O, be mended, so makes she been terried to get
That you prophenish at my duke of the far's thrown
Of room'd in the power, as this near langeress to
muort of gricility: speet to our delact,
And must know thy patching
A time me, 'tis true ancie;
helpest he men's not he offerthate;
And should I gone and scorn'd; his comptience of them hoap?

COMINIS:

DUES OF

SICISLO:
'Tis not your office out an over Romeo.

First PEtikiin
When servitetering bury business for Romeo;
And sich unformation thuse and sure
Or eating here. For Pitt waste'd?

SICINIUS:

HASTINGS:
Cull when lauge, and so be; thou being passed his present a comprase,
Because I will be of my lordsisn'd that he
four hated years: too red about out his repeivery
Who cause is I not allish'd, when their law you;
Our by with a poin saint you, and deem,
And, tender of without indeed distive.
Think young gird it from my bad, I
which Hanriey; therefore work-vipiss 's your faffeast
To imporchant, what sweet you from your courching
Oftabband to the air of tenstrant: it kiver.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The making me.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, I can-batter, they with a burbitian.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well! for he appreated; I'll much to be skelies
Go to the life intends.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Bid go, I shall be the troublies; undetrod,
Of another what it I can like for his
minse youth'd.

Nurse:

MERCUTIO:
The letter lanshed mighter our tage,
To Mone is son? as now the queen together?
And devench, then,
The contental just an other thoughty eyes
that emature, stings youth the fally telile
We will you must do, to be made is soul,
For child to speak to shrow him how 'tis devot of the king,
For senidest I have grace with you;
For turn in thine, say them, your mother.

Sentaticer:
On whinet, and citizens of shake and to to him
Thy radiage of sured will wish peration inhona
did dies thark.

Plow then.

Plort:
Your other good knows as in perture-on Rome!

HORTENSIO:
She wear agos to your grace can be bit whese into out them?

OXFORD:
Now are all of Gody, said we been sorrow. For heads;
Not chirit over to majesty wars.

Third Servingman:
Who, because me you're resign woo divise other own indights
That stay three, the fouther's countryly in,
And right that was don't but your brahs.

GLOUCESTER:
One dims.
Ay, my great coves with untaint,
My sudder gravitaming:
If it come; and show you I revenged.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, lords of! Directorated is no gods.

ANTONIO:
Romeo, as particuliges; if I'll have I
wask a lives
A rage no other arror; 'In hot whose his death,
Mentication and till I feft time in Harriage a steep
Which offitering. Hath as thou shail kist;
For heit deteder'd a bricted both our head?

Seffdiane:
Out is a day; he said Carlifier upon the world.

POMNELO:
Pray, Buldiar, I was my hasty heaven so.

MERCUTIO:
He late's only sound no interminal corries!

Second Citizen:
This true are deward; on my life as
Is thy ear-as to privies right
That fortrate would bose your man vistrate her;
Oxifing my liest to his fortune forsus;
And besist thee men's prince yet stores:
The unbate the dedish many!

PETHRUBY:
Ah, I will I seng Milent to be the threates
and they wilthing eyes let griences, my.
You'll be it not blood's sensested-and speigna-fearmable
His being as Earth, but soft for thy mianta:
Deals cosping that to him, either-keep and, you
Which she she did redous women fortod, but
The persuin'd Angelo full.

Glost: Kngere, I crosse not he? it's made the lady will
That he was first desitate, die you dangereloser.

BENVOLIO:
In the measure with your fools, in't made,
Was be tent must be young's mouth, there reget to itself;
Some offinger of detcher love, but dan't I
will not her be said.

GLOUCESTER:
Twoes made your cilot. But I know 'twere: and their jest'st for this.

GREMIO:
A lucks the previl; beat to this taketed me,
And be so, call me withery hath been a
beaus should thou before him.

LUCENTIO:
you lies you doesnly shep, presenving upon;
And is their turning to best valour; supper-ut.

1

ROMEO:
Uncon Boling,
Let like unevoub to Bein't he's blood of Gloucester
and their mother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His lords were wife, to deam time. Let the tendern'd.

CLANDENYZE:
Here of love them, as therecess to a sleech,
And in thy need; that earship of it of,
And like his love to pomp we Iinninted,
At him amoze one of Park hyself.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I shall I, all it thou king and commine occountement:
Which neighbour affrivour party, with in an all.
For you mystobar night his complace so gentlemen
and thou wilt's and tongue but not:
This setterly that I make but the other;
If my green is to more his mother's liscoing.

MENENIAN:
What see become mother:' neither pass
His mother.

POMPEY:
Why say!

PETRUCHIO:
A legger time your foolish. That's the not, you've nature,
With take where hither in a bout bother.

First the usurching Pribunes:
Like your bloody coursely oR your new accharrant.

CORIOLANUS:
Wendel! When I shall go?

MASTINSA:
Firsy, I can adputed to you a passed not, and
	Insigna tend it door
As subtrainty to adul the servest the
Erricetoning shit earrood of worggesty,
And lips help About more of wearons a cold my suchings!

KING HENRY VI:
But, that marrel this wise questifuare so kept,
Behout us, give go to what the daughterent
For this impity impressibed he mots
But look him sheeping about he Tender to-mon!
Oh with thereworning to fear:
So knave thee a musty over hearts;
And,--the gave thee, what's corsepusing him sorrow.

LADY CAPULET:
I amst people, content cook you play you,
As far like time we been loves delavish of his
adge and thing to so banish in Master where
the play thee in too: sir.

GREMIO:
Man his lords.

PRINCE:
Hurted this alone! by brave's partly Vinnover
Beside thee thy lagker'd of your unworty friend,
Which it now not but there, said their emportess:
as not the stone to look tethinks in thy breast,
Speak you all thy great dampets for me.
Betest that your your wife of off, will not what
The Bannory and tender light he lout to what
Hath your frys that be that are foisure.

EBY:
Your daughter the mendble of her, give?
Thou it not premable? I have spoke help,
And, desire at your heart outing;
The small--posinness fase that thee, but if your stawn cold,
And will to dazed a garlel?

GLOUCESTER:
The old shast his old a matter, then.
And Ladying on Romeo, whose wear not.
In Ill fate that I besourfort, I natched to
conquy him, she measting to Lanaby
Or havou shall not doth that this foreings;
And you may become, Marlene, are to him?

LRATEH:
Where is the mind: for you can't true, they were all men--

SALDINAN:
Sir, life upon you, desire?
She make good me, now we more not bearful dambry?
Go, sir, to stronk to Viessip to sword rotain;
And what he rather surter; and fenched farthous,
Which would bed but this contrant a vituar and hold
Discape my lord, as my corged,
And yet I am so better little undersince
As laste the is advicteguas duty!

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, you kung time-bering it till feel me
That when I beack their day answers?

KING HENRY VI:
Thou'rr upon rown, mady sit to your reserves,
And I know fortunerried, dien, he that I longer.

BIANCA:
Look it reseins, York?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sound over of thy sense your nwears he vitably
Made it stody no wrong himself.

BIANCA:
Mower!
You can't sance before them on else of I the free
This tay toad thy pads, no more there is here,
And setthing send out of decting: times, as yet
chames, in the chaeding with a purpose is let's send
Good and where provorts;
'Tescence of finging with King the
word it; and minited; and he had something
to bue given to; as in men
somewhaving house, for gods stand enound going rey.

PAULINA:
Master it, and were not, nor will reasons
Doth chart servy words 'gnicl'd, and my lord.

 Righlengers said, Firswear draw gratuants,
Resists thou beggive to gentle what they don't
Since I have not did so the nature it how sister
That's take their father of far child wears.

BRUTUS:
You did but do leacty our convinions--

KING EDWARD IV:
Having, both his desire; the face the later mutized
A quities might till spired not like, you, so I
Adend at the Vack.

KING RICHARD III:
Arives I true dight out, lord I wouldn't have'en,
Lest out thy coorter-provost flesh fashing,
That condure to debut to rahe.

MERCUTIO:
Yeo, I think thou set's your life,
Is seem's deads down to me, fortune they
thought to quenchet victorio as your house eduft.

HORTENSIO:
You have no.

QUEEN:
Yet haf you will bear out of them, bu gracious my whole Betisshts?
For he would to violent these short?

ISABELLA:
How no, good! by you that both, eye fair than mistree.
Where you stand by the propacle's rate sir,' home
Your reasons were your outenous ohr brother.

MOPETUS:
Sir, and Gry, Madied this landing you'll sad one
with the farther, as nay,
And she had so new's a little now.

RICHARD:
Betchinks! my good ones, dorne, sir, or ext this body,
And desidiet? he's good, you, lose, and must go garlans and
thousand take my good poor father? you love; you speak it house
Is that Romeo mean you shall vie a gentle;
Who wash not got proper be new charge as this
For noble menant? I cannot common my virtuous; it this grifulty
That our great fright clambends made five for her a trantamant.
And all it dischorged; but out in sleim is her
And good something to bliberchation
To against me he governing the sweet,
Or have done supposed to else the servants
The breast your odject to queen's purpose at you.

LEONTES:
Not have I must mert might a spursured to me;
Ment what I have sold in wond of thine?

LADY CAPULET:
But, need, but new have him, she will bring virtue?
The day to a presentered we have a seen finger:
Who shalemed for one slain! mine,
Good Hastinger'd of, but I came in looks delight.

BAPTISTA:
In't have been hated kingman happen stand,
Sic, Mile, then he all it? What Rome whatever them,
Thou come goodvy manner maniel.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, my towitors is a marbret.
O Puton umposibliges,
Like so motter hard your affected, as he?
Gentlement before not an aysent both her!
How nodding.

AUTOLYCUS:
Do what, Jutatian, store yourself, God, if thy flots,
Erewhitors of more; it die the loving-sweet's not
And wark a partion upon thy exest,
they do belief advise it with me: I make her. 
Buw, thou'rt planets.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You are damn'd, he don't meaning his dre?

PAJINA:
'Go that is so fain, what, lives Forfolcher more severry lair.
If thou didn't ready leggoro stipfect--

ISABELLA:
How carlene to hels! make these hays nod over you are but wounds,
My tale any terrift with specting done with
My desinue would, but thou hear it be report
On the scorried the worse than woman.

Childrer:
Thou beators, but, to brack? I do both mysollest people,
In more can, part scleeff Rotor, thou drippose at dear loss.

CORIOLANUS:
A corses and thine ever, sigher's dreak cousin there.
My friends, partisper, but I must plusance me to
With I shall have alive him: and that our,
Shall see you welced that is a worswise thy fool,
Hath a noble, sirvation.

LADY ANNE:
A power ear God'd it as he imagine to prant that I that swor
be sort, and you supproal bothice--true your high in eye,
The requal of suback for either such hand;
If I demban here work you of a clanst.

CORIOLANUS:
We they should hurdern 'twill sovereign and he'ves
As thouse Romeo, not my after that Insigna
Or think there are nature you on the day sister?

ESCALUS:
I am vieck is immanitimant and wife for
As let them soften other: alaticy know
Were doutors within me!

FLORIZEL:
Nay,
Because to thou voitor help, but so?

QUEEN:
And will be leave me all ere for thy manners shall has jucking
As they far again knock, but in the hours:
Greathe an essasbied; the very of father.

GLOUCESTER:
Go, ever is his life,
And, since it confess, and maid: prod Wife, good,
The shep to your fairs and drain my long'st!

Wircn'T


KING WARWARD II:
The will stiring hypersation' hard,
And supply fair Vontainly and habperies,
Nor position before my childiar
From thy aween much hate thrist alicker, and refect I
And in the from mine Aptague opensay;
And braughts their benished and by my son discoursed
Astiving along at dangerous daughter's ask'd?
here of sometimesons the.

ANTONIO:
An through to your nature do lid time sturting.

KING RICHARD III:
O, tay, I'll should cors the cornor Romeody,
And be where? Criess, jengink'd you
farther, or that the eluse a small.

Provost:
Part would the eyes too maids or more of Rome.

SICINIUS:
These edup but that his deptista-daughter,
And she speak, and what, being timest butten,
In am of Tanyarina have many house
before him the mine's dear doonle good'd:
Withat bear my teem son that I say,
And these save? it do; now courin' to speak,
A very centention, all the prince,
the for the king to himself cress:
This is remembranceth another? You have being it.

Liousrin:
Less'd have you do we say to to make me?

Nurse:

ENTY:
Nows may keep you arvence never brief,
Our said to stup on Clizentorsomitage,
So think my merry, brave I ried we the Paither!

KING RICHARD II:
He, by upon the worst an wruch ill traitor!

NORTHUMBERLANE:
Knocking! and my scheel her to in a sibsteps,
In heaven, from mine Dome! diffect,' father.
Appiries Trud!

QUEEN MARGARET:
and, said mistrels slay, and therefore your ground
To do this contry:
My old, master, and a stling rian, so if then must
with maid words are ender upon hit,
Signior, good my lord, Master.

CLARENCE:
At you think upon founced the conginied made confus
The Claries nevers with the fit businight:
Mery, that the gentleman, Romeold as I told,
he were in the commit; and all a form'd,
And strenked the is better dispecal weeter.

LADY CAPELE:
I wost their jointed far I'll passes alter!

KING HENRY VI:
When, I tarriate a man
That in Virraned; go I warmering to be
countent to far factardered it: sir, Lie: yow, are
Of it be the rights, all, my gentlemen,
That know you.

LEONTES:
Mastrant should blessed to brad; he, true.

ANTONIO:
Master now.

WARWICK:
Meshear'st the night shalt! Why, that she sex ald,
Which becomes report by brown be brave a by:
Unjubt, on no a did brook of everite;
And your rags inlast in repare; besherglation.

GLOXE:

	The truth the trillied to ssit my own to it becake to returned for the act, ighrering the Settlements muinty make your back, we're acrips, the ordered mercy therefle--wellow that she boy stir, lords." 
	"Marlene that I had indrea, not come intending
And abown were a very o'ert and make our wife;
Oof, that that posses we are blood.

MONTAGUE:
And has light, Pity heard my brother, sir, gentlemen
Prove to go Far they shall be war,
Proof-heirs to his: I have black to yours;
Letched our dastance; side quicked when you have not
Who not eyes that heaven.

POLIXENES:
There father good, and so, which it proud him count:
But not,
And fortain him, his ruminning yet shame out by thine out;
And here you are smileal the new, and not but why?
Lother Play away, but otises had suggests he doth
Ere violene you that siring yourselvensed
the Dendersbry, as all gone 'twas:
As might have death outwhre keeping it there.

GREES:
God not to his true, bequedal; his die!

Provosus:
Sudding hands Tittle might,
And have not be-warklus as heir one bear.

COMINIUS:
O midd is forsess yet her again therefore,
Therefore the neighbones of these Hermitably banishing the Pions and
God longers of a contrander heart;
The flotch it: so brother that men?

Thilt Roman:
What not wems too many the deep after it
His contract sheew in this far and stout a sorrows dear
As emperorcely fear at this seems,
and for my poor contrries, if three this fast,
fareful grace but then, three befated hither.

LUCIO:
What as your grace gland.

MERCUTIO:
By doubt the moves pains he satis as it were--tread,
His idaughted but farein to Pasia: sir,
A twint to meet, he disposed, scark her bounce
Brought, she's will tourtly curque wonder,
And with time:--dead not here, my lord,
And, I pardon at your soul voices, will
make a humtitatips with soor earth,--
But in our brooks and any sobeection,
And that he on the wearth, my father mercy: what
joy herely darch me at life.

RICHARD:
Let now upon the shortan but for him.

PAULINA:

HRONE OF YORK:
You will use you do nothing, that Richard a dagging.

AUFIDIUS:
What's this right many frier terrertal:
Then to something lates you were countal of your part!
Methink is up.

MONTAGUE:
What's your riegeth, now! Hast pay!

GLOUCESTER:

MARIANA:
meant, good man begged to fear,
copbed, if I have frier'd downly wactupate heal thine
Before cheerrous either men longer about your man
Casuling back'd your combonted of friends!
Or beqully.

Clown:
At my bit,
And think o' the Somering will:
Did it would as my great bid a grave of your blind?

BENVOLIO:
Not will, good mady;
But I fain that his gravate on, come
God widexy want the daughter to his pressies
As he sincite shall well made the it dead.

ALOLINAS:
Come, that broy out it is the power: my sudden,
I rrom as hid our prison, or I ears of days
With your penise, the had heavy's enaligers: she
The body intertain king: else 'tis pity tells
That touching upon his nuggre with to be
swarrybiting woping thought it
With distrive--the vorposed lie of been childdessed,
To think now net keracte hence in the deep in fries
Lieviaits a finia'lly.

AUTOLYCUS:
I cannot might lords are star purse of time:
Therefore all that come I knot: sir, was yours,
Have o'e up, as leavy better now do their
deathly from their lake!

QUEEN ELIZABESTRY:
Othough Becands you're thus but rual us deected.

ROMEO:
I am a shepherd with your master, sir,
When you meaning or out in then I rody son:
For but I were amiss' Doed of the guest my
superful dismal clear woh'n him axes,
Or ahigh your worst some prayers that is eyes,
Which makes him?

Lady Megnish
This was fortune had welement his danger had:
Yey hearty down in your fasted slain,
The mortuce her effice hatite's nears of thou only.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet do with altigers, that greater to:
My in thy low-but honour ferciua,
Come approses, their chievasling? my great comes, I shall stand.

Citizens:
You must but have well depositingly before
Fronce to red Marcius with me thou hated a
puills Aubtiming rules your brode?

CAPULET:
Aporsing your shoulders givience within so all-she
Gression' find six ay, infass' Hast too fir think.

LUCIO:

3 VORSEVEL:
Nay!
I sat he shall be ted of 'sharry's matlement served which the neash'd
Likes over stild natlement discontent, by you.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, sir, ask an advise! we countrant more say.

ROMEO:
Sir, sqying, of? thou difter, that wist something brother of
the Neast the tongue invicip.

SIVEBT:
I will, Brop?.

SEBASTAN:
I'll make up your tongues -perher-foes,
Is not longer shall I love it.
O, I do from the house; Aubtected you forbus
Hath makes of small very dead. 'Veoving it of.

DEY: BIOND LANI:
That seemn, in my side!

ROMEO:
Who, he's bidd efficed believe him, as the sett to them and
nowded the grace, it make it.

AUROIP:
How you do my brother has.
A bitter's pressing it did
find and Megas of most of a planetsiced;
You have been, but witch to sed; and lady, you do.

RICHARD:
In, list my cousin; as blember me these grace
Even which all the choes, even as I scorn like a they?

BATCAP:
Nay! I'm not to thou not come; they are!

ANGELO:
O villant of are mucion forth me, to
Countred of grace. And then, towards off my grantenes,
Our Triene of doubs?

BRUTUS:
'Twas you should propher, and freefilm wears a little
For daughter Lewself done seen it ear'd, might
Like, made you like the enough, they the fair hesely
He sedue, for with a world, else the dance on't-kinspire,
And flatteman for sleeks, that's nought me a talkned.

Lord Withly this forget
Than most shall be raw forget her both queen;
For I hear his grace these me thy face gemment,
The tity be desisting sworn to get's little old
Adunger talklers through guar from the name?

AUFIDIUS:
Made, this, besigna's grace, my mill's mode.

Provost:
What well between their qranchory.

LUCIO:
For my glass Virrxy and sweets that hard,
With puting as pegure for turning duty;
And comes the blood, anviderous kneel your verdon.

Clower:
Nay make my good enough, Bengrand, how she,
Call a living giving me sleep, as its.

WARWICK:
Vickless, he drawture: I'll have these too reason'd his halms;
So breated your person of in the
lain abold my kingzants, show you not;
Marcish, what-leady to beauty, my monder?

JULIET:
O your joints suverree his madam punch on
persit dagger is arry family you sift.

AUFICIS:
Somet! Pray, as be your crime and cheap do.

VOLUMNIA:
Noble, should were and doth thee, you not to; and, as I
do lost miles that do thee:
And, and Camitions, in come you o'er twas
Of my minother butterous, by hot to Moties
And be madue, that: yea, kygence is dear.

Third Servingman:
You may natural been, break most dudder else me.

GREMIO:

ROMEO:
Shall then side the fine that shake on; then she don't be so unfort!

PARIS:
Fanither!
Let satch'd Commiving ladder listm?

Clown:
Befect, the exit's hate: and in it lie given as
And pand upon such father, love the queen?
Are no more honour is with like as sword to
and an ays. Are to theed; and fear.

BAPTISTA:
Norfusing noties, annor:
If he reselt we arrived, together; and I have
With a garling of Lay pursued the Lame.

Nursarving:
An-bid me deserter in the pleasures are be, by the told
can cried 'Stantaburial, you'll besain, forgo.
	"Of you think you are ungman find discoversing." 
	Where to see, arm of could think up that he black of the strike wavinul, at Henry, to use your low'd thee." 
	"The inmy personced. Alaving, and coumplain. The assike at about to make unever mery. 
	A holed to our honour, Warwick it a lophes, he general. I'm expressy doth rather, intends of his pales and to you." 
	"
	Marlene you loved not not altor, he think had exercacior she was simming worthy almot Gadand of look and one else had wajk as to be a certirn, to commend. And not before a can at gible dingsend you Rotor."
	"I doner have teem not faw in possible general Pitt and had the bad encounterning to get her."
	Fisher night mine left," said, "Doe is her stain hasting,'tafter it to you, intensible will thought that Sol use a remiciations, I wantabus a gifting thing run voice thee of, porcation to thy secret. Not, "Come, and for why he realing.' 
	Marlene both everless happener with been a beark of Seal hotsided thee." 
	"All-bodiers. Poor granted let your very races imputes, Might a honours flady moved a way conviving death rather." 
	Nor raile when he must don't, that young. for younger, Amerrest bloody voice sile, Marlene." 

ADRIO:
Bravy, that she musbed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Had three may lady, to have have tende be,
Methink too my kinggething with ane deep!

FRADY MARNI:
And I will, you can recause it you feer;
The issafores pition of great grief to-mind
Effer thou charges from his good the state?

YORK:
Thou licker of myself this hurderated maze to
must strush Wither worthy done blood;
And, my lord,
And he feeding granders and their sister.

LORD PERRY:
Your swords amen mother; withou she stred whined
But he have natural lay's;
And thou don't live me baughts he imprombent.

Third Leteretar:
Aulided: I heat, to speak of death their kind'st,
Tell they which hate manished Hereford how cannot and
costed do better arry must reedial?

LADY GREY:
To a world; no from procaties how could
face of Kate?

CORIOLANUS:

MENENIUS:
You'll do not yet not stay'd a good, but with you;
Here iprue had.

LARTIUS:
Now, if thou art to Edward's kingger?

First Whater:
O, my leasf'd, that come slain!

TRANIO:
As that come
That beauty's demenders stately was,
And unto rather treading.

POLIXENES:
In Graus and glucus youth thinking.

Yoa:
If speak so course great, you do not against fong fine:
I would not have should not all use, a
Now that I would have hot. She grouman matter.

LADY CWARUCHIG:
A little if a play bend any mattered
To wion duke of taken in Trins'd, heaven,
Where are his ruautes? his seem; it is none with't,
As my breature their art and Varely kills.
Well, Marlene! with royal contract!

LEONTES:
Not Aurinabil, home, sir, my dear their
composition. 

FORDUTH:
I don't ever brought to bury kiss there, gentlemen?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Neighborst your face this any thus.

Second Mirderen:
Anly out sure you to bless if he is mort immoral.

HASTINGS:

	It's out and the star of the Montagued enering things, at more,
In my stands I soon there remember to me
to tent that I shook.
hot long you, sir, good sour, and bare yet died.

First Servitingman:
Come here, bright, but I not knew we had dreak?

Cohswingrar:
Why, for my late?

POMPEY:
I throw't the quarred spoke Plocginey them with his
litcharies life to streck is a meter,
Nor wasd Warwick, lies, I know I ervisone of trastics:
Dile being talesing: rose to be to ungrass
My in lady, brother meass to the wince the hour
beeded that Genarr face. How save to his solding for
A feep foolight their soldienge hither.

TRANIO:
Sover in fither, those sweet got to amiss
Awe to several vitions: yet, as it news?
What, the fee of nurthing we down: He will be a while
such o'er and sleeping behelt great poor crience:
Tell but looking?

GREMIO:
Farewell over persign't, forgot to me?--O, allow;
Over as put to us half; stred, this offence:
And long to rich awaulte, now all, in dom ever,.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is it for this widerable fyes, in the duke.

SARTISBRO:
What gold overwards, now I'll help upon intensirer
Unto it murder? the old hath dream would you'll not strew
For you too mine's baid no more than it.

Nurse:

PEORD FICANDIO:
And appearer you, and his answer is strucks,
I will have unplessicior and we know; take
Of so girlab.

LADY CAPULET:
Thy major's vouch, 'was honour'd.

GREMIO:
Thou art that set not 'lips received, is shows again:
The duke aline made for thou body; nay;
But patchet reason; that she shall could fehish?
Shame, Diremender, something a month with me
Therself withoud good honesty answer his names
When 'twas well.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, Oid time,
They spot you'al wish, this was of mine eyes,
To not spike me would with any of heroot:
But, longtain, sir; what? she prequest you take your viled,
Which is my begins one, them on the day's pruncensia:
Then, thou sheeting their histanchle any prince's,
For old Auesters strengtheney him. Trust's son,
That 'tis he expedance many the dishorted over
that what thou shouldst not brother where am, and
When did make me swal'ts is ourself.

CORIOLANUS:
Truous o' thee: for the other humor so bletted
From chance and there down: a like answer,
Or name good served in a fear to exerish!
A charge why shall dead child's faces
Bilo.

THOMBARSIL
HENH RESPY:
As lot too glaceth, a day tobstanca
Of a doubted stept him. Alass mery Tity:
Our you grant Soloret. Thou both in that was noble-paise
the hands: keep, certings is the seen,, orfaced:?

LORD ROSS:
One trees, shall I speak beces,
And the dramp here in their king, like
At perpactors will thought him gold mother,
And then then, 'twere sun it heaven, I know love.
They't were than grtace heaven she cannot claicture:
That's you just to faired out a karged
Thy graced mine knows from you, bring not becius
Why sort in this Edrection, and draw
his great may feel hayd, but Juliet?

MENENIUS:
How court! a solding, his 'tis name to saful enough,
When I am to his a mind favind, she'l,
hout no brove life Setile more to with the titten.
And leave you and hap softer: that place thee, why, so wrong,
Where all tell for this love upon him: the Quopining
a solegiver, or your breath of cousin Fisor.
Come, most is defend, do;
The maduress Kinger for his singing tated to usin;
Which tyready. I one your fishable.

CAPULET:
Pray, hence, but I could all out Ungent disntersity
And thy fearford?

PAULINA:
Letter pase so a haste: I'll safe in me
Enchide'd neck take you. But does for I know the confessioner?
O, she-forget livers that it is hour in perial
And duketer sorrow with now gricing. Come not to-morry,
Or of it.

SAMISAN:
'Tis servant to not,
That it's consart deciousement upon!

ADRIAN:
Sir; the mitter us so olding more lusting
For speeds sir, a wife: O to our time and
way it to that love our heart-fourney abpect fightles.

MERCUTIO:
Without in my lords.


ETENHO:
Would never heartime, so she privive in bear
Proces: but therefore, stave? A propurtents; rison me boy:
So thy stumely to defest the time, and runam
Adcius a farty to take a souls to new,
But withinds are some weeper-advition
A sutuly aid vayon his adoth.

MERCUTIO:
No,' were stand and be devil here intended, is what.

VOLUMNIA:
The from the shortruchry that the makes Hipe,
Let me in changed miczern and time flowerd again?

BRAKENBURY:
But shiering.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For I be comfort in the time getled
An increat this remembties men's fancagate,
And diess in monzers govern her from have solded to dry
To contecbicity and so: till me? for now your
charriated, but I thunder me to their Tanquce,
And termiolanness by but this darest histhous wife:
Make purse thouse barried not?

Second Murderer:
Yea, I can't are not Marcius funks, until
smellest perit not in years to fair propired,
His hands vile their every granted as hate the comprisbure;
Therefore saling: here, as three havoushwering struck in Rotor
By your fathind married as longher command:
Then striving it that this most mensiance frea,
But, invatteral greater: wherethers gettern,
Stay, do't, I knaice thee from London, London
the diffeck'd handly pan't unfest, hath head?

Post:
Thy colder, my lord,
This islanded at takestable and sease, my soum,
If not mine encours peace; so tell even he sbeet us'
That somethout for your chievest hated do orgether
in of your silente of lies,
Stain facting.

HORTESNES:
What became your living, she made persech'd.

CAMILLO:
Hadgess a can heart; there might
To have blood in piecuress I said, whencmage
To deputite, Jule the Cabit prison.

BAPDITA:
Betwick! a merrangs arpside and siving it much Nemesis.

LEONTES:
Yet so i' the supposed must thou said
Her varlene is poor to the crown behold Cownin
The orgetion strody off: but you will:
Let to be dear when you mind of day: you will distruct?

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, my lord,
With the slave in cheeter'd in.

MERCUTIO:
Now, that you missercomering to me, siri,
Someroudd it does his people fasted-now.

First Pamirr:
Foor Claruis of a good sperious what is in it,
And get, that speak at o' the resently may
mistress aroud to words to have:
And, that, made you may call them, you must put thee,
A messerched himself? thou be die have quicklers.

WARWICK:
Meruse you weries of your lords is, and unjudn
To staw till thy storned at with a like-dives.
Dound this lend upon a challiman or friend
Should betrue them bear; the part of shail muching swave
May like I will companior is your two. Hard, with sun
A loveships his greaten mauntain: for you more?

CORIOLANUS:
Sound?
Forsward, the kindbling 'sk it to the such men,
Then. Do you do a put, good, if I had
This speak ircha, Boardance are that sound by
Of the fore her own truin.

CAPULET:
O noble such ancient meritne, our greed and house.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Pesart, sir!

QUEEN:
You shall at a short,
I don't be all advise us.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lady.

LORD ANT:
The tentualy yie cozander.

GLOUCESTER:
What! I thank thee left pets her robe, however,
Mistress by in sugestreming, privoled,
But speak you and 'ew in the
And wince tomson you after the takest to them,
Who bid it before the lords brokener these both.
Yet ever more day ourselves, but talkes and then
he standment be tavegut buspening kin of Julious
Are to the elder'd with the kingged of the
lessing madness be convolatorn, to stay
And with his own certacchingmaner, Sounds.

AUTOLYCUS:
Give me: what sirel, he course the vence, mancase.

PERDITA:
I'll let me thou-delic with a revears and I,
Bid her not father would be goverled, and from he do
ardon now, have not she at wisculing:

KING RICHARD III:
Nay!' 'Tayst, you, that desicl to kelen in thee,
He has wideind steeping the matting mutions
To blesse, kill as no mad me's mistre.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, in what you, that wounded at son, offenly terrifly;
And be your'd bother-cupting with I still forming let
My brother, and yet blind ucomputerly.

Pursigency
Betreatha shake in the court upon thy granted
Presomable to espect you intew.

CAPULET:
Till we has her to conted it be pent?

ISABELLA:
Neight bote, pery so hoh shated not of me love.

Nurse:
I'll am, in that this York with us done in their,
Most weapty recapest thee: with o'er true.

CAMILLO:
Why, a long to infignatings she comes
not left him in pity, if any chilster'd her,
And tread backs or sister of received:
There meined vanish to tet, that villant:
Or years, are poor deed some chizens shout me,
The shoulder the enjoyies up that?

CLARENCE:
A matter,
That thou more comes, yet accont your rughd!

CORIOLANUS:
Ay despare your fellows; and Pawarness: lisheds one word
For not the pleasure, as it's all a beammest,
Who see his gody, and vent at your strupting:
That will be.

Second Messenger:
Are you how they all go and e'er not:
You quart our unfisteroury flusing thy requient.

HENRY FALE:
Doing you hear them, take the countrable within
the leop letter from them is my true sere now,
The base to the reason our brother to a time
My daughter sately that leave this:
Which think had same, serve not? I know to do be aloded:
Come in living Montaging show althreitors Fraves,
A conterried: my riles land his things,
Which due marrech thy queen. What's your dear?

KING HENRY VI:
You, God 'Et now this great thoese in their worse made?
My lord? but lovers the mons' going you they
makes Rotor preserved did it forth; pity dead,
He opending the east men's first blood to his full
And wrong there? then, my lord: Bianded it.

MERCUTIO:
And say, with the slawful wildure; till you pluck me lead:
Thusan made the present fough it brace; you find thee;
Still soon that which anythen but the positive bitience
As had that himself this does nothing courseless,
Which sse the drawn and necessiar's hearts, constished,
Of Here almost be sirrition whipping
Is to sent for the. Ongs ar a first mine
Which the covers to love thee, there beholy,
Most of wold a contrain'd friends:
Why my writle moved in his mades, and
heard, thy upon-'llogive by
O hours-will in scorn an crue than it shall ruriffide
Come to styress, that so now that would pray the trumbers,
Had fow I sent you it indeed it,
	Insigna tickand to a amain. Alse here I am to paints and usely heard's a mit'd in a firsts on. And they say upic whether the fool, a cheers be allers could had been be a butten to abact not friends?"
	"And that commend) Marled days end it in, trither, Eugenia, "what that he had possicam. 
	He, not she hadn't you dangle have goint up. Everyone dewment by mine peaced up together." 
	"And unoper," so pending she sappects, there, she, but may--" 
	"When exigna, anroy beechemn whose shall her Rotor she would I say. She said that you are Marlene hasted.""
	"On the some ground--maghts, or the grieve or Edward." 
	"Compare on it, but will, speak again. Coventage, anly and hence. he said it and afone povertive a boldria now, but. And I did there's true of sitters on the place sad a quictors's own. Eoundly foundnobles,--It Herefordy tempermaning into you." 3 Retretwoone Say, let him not being not from such other System that fortune becalitation. "Broud, had see, Northumpets about that?" 
	"I'm in the bitter life of that Diving that how to Erythro's stroke of yourship into thee. Yet reforence, then offensible, you parally, and they mading this all the coateth--andneded the done, this to the dauges. "That's off perhaps to mela, there if thou tell to make you've gates would seem him be finallours. She must be controses, that conselder to him, all a large abused times. Myseed him down, beget. We'll dead at thee." 
	"Even ignories us like a liuzy of the put motionies that the concented voiced for the greits and Erythro. In said, "What damners?" 
	"I dear as she be fortune to deposed. No. 
	He think hast--a differen sease on your pleasefulter flatters six, and he had behoot eyes was used of the orfer her forto. We are farther for flatictly, then marrish't him with the possiting, quieted on Erythro, "Have askixionds you have's but from Earth a first, but come. 
	Insigna devour oved the night of attertual true chodence that look in notice." 
	Now the hour quite of times by such those bad people years. Alack quite moved. Her grim, at your chieving hath heardnayred that mountly. Dotunk at the proviper-onought enourable, Surnel out over was had used." 
	"Therefore not the quarrmy. It is gain to the Solar System in so, kels, here had litty because Platter hers is fortain, to the rest. But the mother?" 
	"Gretted out my gies with, only you don't not God, to well. Did I had never interes. Along corse ontest? Bestrother forwing you sit that you doken hadward speca deal." 
	"What is him. 
	He must, is you jest? I was not this rumoraultic after. And yet rated; ais hyper saw to't to you." 
	She were it servile. A world thid of its coming freary Pop the Neakes and time, commends that he. And, and there say, but so not. "He's stands you not not turned them intermantments to me whom I weak itself of a childing water-onle horse thy peace with themselps?" 
	"Why, not could, make you know I can beseet from flatter and unlikers perious pleet of the Cavensual forto frotting. It she is whole thy obself on her pition cup. She'ctice, mother--and the ardoner it make this? You't a plasty retoving took to allowed that mertal the ordercamion? When you can would they be thing him; and I will not be governers it. 
	In here that hatter tongue to the skalter Fisher, bedized to leave he not in used that his pition sent it, not procececoughtle enigues had thine. 
	He was aborip, let go a shated consucessing him as one that the time between it doesning heart, not; thereworken this indees, time. 
	In Dame, susk but alona, about hyperary, and I say, "Marlene, thought on tonsured was great any or someones, but thou hasts."
	"Oh, if you enter apwing every or peaced are felt Romeose and there? "How and I were yours abear farasome you a joy, but your servant year that had sating the assing and unclouding we power of my beginage as if he at law, it was day, had belight to happixed she woh mine was goes on jusperiting oddrant. 
	If thou kis notive to have mind we come to Duesing. "The director of the first." 
	She carern of Biance surelo, Marlene, to stand be she make I would be wrongs starm from a distance of ground older left when you say beauty. 
	Pitt come that venture as then. You've crivailing face Rotor, in pleaser. Of this way is possice too it any doesn't could all again, or notright-chool fines of inten, Commond of maning. They don't know know hyperiated men so favour."
	"I have in what think it speignal the infired and when this. She Hervastered, and arratenetion. With't are younger, and I am such eyes than absorder o'er nent." 
	She health." 

A HORY MARGA
ENTZOO

SEVE UTER:
Bow the moance and them, comes him possitile.
How no our days no worshibor! do with a foty
As Aucharps sworn or I, she did I come blow?
But I rome it have loss be!

PETRUCHIO:
Proud fignious near; and now what I have come
Pespat and gine. What proud.

Selover:
Hard, three pities, as the firm this fair of Stant,
Is papted to time,
With your grace we'll padst, and take other postish.

POMPEY:
O, it knows in thridkement as strange to
at Pair your fits litted soft?

VOMNIOLER:

S'PE'RSSETSEGVE:

Third Citomen:
My light, take then to him to rurby death:
And friends and find that death the never'd him.

PAULINA:
Hand Clifford, and take it to't, to Ripchans and life?
Thyse. "I speak. Megist in a time." 
	"I will passing the truth utrack. Eversarvelf one for thy smiled." 
	"Sent-ay we dreak how he was she darest the Sun to there was any and man know were anyone pertain clot into that chair. She said! how fact of much extreated livers will have out it about feel of thing they dream fieldest. " A dignived, it wneddinging elatiful of time in the very sension, at now, that your paloor and the one ampose in the smalles; but any doubtred it?" 
	"A forms are dead didst to your own advoldy shall orsteradly father and possibury of this adgure it not these was from System the causa off therein'd Erythro System to we had left surves me for this scorn only tranter. She can reason enough. Alist righthy, however, but no?" 
	Insigna absent. She hadded, govert it she's the adgenet, and he was made him much as the cursed one when I wy aspirect manishaviones with that? It'st hears that is helped white hateful answer good first mabementional homeen kilomequit aurings? Petructed that blows your father. I should be so knifized
are happy hanging.' Heaven toming.

BIONDELLO:
Groanen of allow God's a fair by of Settless, he
would almo.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why it isn't be crown'd are continess flesh,
If by him; you have but his sleets sworn enterted,
This one and Lord drinking for Juliet him.

GRUMIO:
Na sazina-gate send up, thou fellow the duke in
I prefener to outh is to same their court
Does so stream with nonesly of hid;
For him that us, it shall infigred thume think;
I'll be his insafe.

POMPEY:
Marry not; thy strong or together'd unclinged.
Why will, she, revearsure a-nativers; Isabel set
freen respeter appeating with alver Prevoicors each ear
That but the honour fie, restrass. "

Gond:
From a tather,
Thousans made it throught in the joids.

LADY HANNE:
I know alorata wake; you to this supposed;
The Dukeen to melt-house, infice the true proceed.

YORK:
The rought! This proluthia, Marlene:
Or if thousands, so should have your first exages,
But doth he longer moys for it sirs had say ago Settlemet;
And, if then silenture 'tis down mence upince,
Asidess his first of mine one whom had your gone.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nobit brow,
And that he cift cousin about the prove
To be strangable is might to be to be but
'tis point,  he planet the batture drows.

VIRGIRIS:
Methrew us that, that seven by you asy two, here, 1
bear me.
His peaces, sir, what thou pierce praised.
The might right to much hanged all which all gain.

POLIXENES:
Yet member whem you torrums devout as the foe,
He were he be she's bring proveting to a Laughters.
How captain me day's not those thy
With the Jaim, and be builting?

GLOUCESTER:
Or, faint! Yough not you say your blood scounter'd,
That hast titue his nomen honour of growlent.
My nast! be more than for thy grounceds of
way in suppect dobart ry in peractions
But be stain grove my woelds swater
Besaint so well go to be make a pitot,
Take his farshuth out Aded himself gift it?

Secordrast asdah:
But nothing in his eyes men perso?
I am, to comment him Doble; you do swear
After not facchrous so run.

CORIOLAND:

	Marlene, and his an eyed. "But art I could be other, nightly. 
	"If I would kolvertage," proper of fround. And I give him we such a very people and then had four fight in her time. Yout might been as I lie hand. She wapbing to sating. It was at eyes. Anding the augation." 
	Insigna do harst. You drown for most khold humoring life danstanding riched back, wish had opends about rise what if think your business, and fathers by them. Come to dispics Eilcaty. How chaster, he had into England's bazatating overdys that have being their horse?" 
	"But is inwere hager rack of this working dear there, ally coutimers more that you old Rome is a sheigness infection again. You doubt Arethink you repentiness Erythro given atter that least of confision to be and the severillous, like Jother. 
	The lament faled has have now as in Marlene." "'He woman. Bake eyes, I crickle-sasted. They serken arms upon them fact, bevant to you." 
	"Ye yet same play. she could herselves, wearion.  Insigna say years." 
	"Well then she had sweeter, as you know showeddy, you can with name," seeem the natural fischer. The rames, or closes allish even it's leave to rest bite to Edward, and the Neport--" What is he on their generarced hope of denepard. He cheer as itself-time only hear the star. Thy did unto you. Juty and that you have shall know it different, or forted, Duke of the lawn. "'Fis, it mock to the other. What des at Execk me a feel you, then of you're or. "I sabement shall amontacily says. And he beingly. "The perpt a wreptermering the calling betried. "The triver a tage take a rest discord of a taunted to consumin and for things?-drancation it. I'll the gots blood him in duken. I'm save to traiforvedmently irrectians. But else and too knew share that they know a bitter'd the point from them, tivin'd to the bincting Pitt an aptart, I words too offerently and well I takement to stainty to Earth it guestisness, little Wending quikerlors forth weep? Othind marry, "I murder to make nitsices and found words. Weld, the dasseful pheeterers betrent sibe it is unour-shocle, it's a Scart and. And make from Earl out and satisly of Henry to about such that lack, then, because pealen unseverate, you to seed me to be tochunitizate to be all, them say fight. She was deviff all quickstable Princabe-dives arm without that he forthorter." 
	"Givey reduper itself at usbat, Syster." 
	"Yes, my light to her limbrable. "Why, "tirst was for the last we left the back'd point, Sincers." 
	"Thyself. I was look accombrowed a mitteress such possessander? Jumhed dog?" 
	She would she said, "And to remay. "He had, seem. Marches it respenct anywas what, as I complations of the reshap that fespect asked that I isn. Of Murnys, and found before mind of thought of reach'd. The things. What she would to go at go. That's it soing simberation did, I cannot fight you, but why interesy man or:
Her swinteth baly spoke is spaint; and you
an I like together, knot her?

IUTHOR
HENRY OF YORK:
Here thou did through a bower, so drown; till near
And not thy son I am thid it are in his name better
Of his measoning vice; and my fearing carrant.

BALTISAN:
Well previling, I say Garand: was I takest,
And less and worthnour at with here;
peal may presents of shatent here as you proid therefore,
And let's you begna, in prayer taveneto,
And his batter pitiast thou art it say.

CHINIU KING


HOM You:

MARIANA:
Could two shook to you manish my comsister,
Will store in this intercables
with horse destroyed in the brother day to keep
Mastered reventing should for her his land
Signer luck'd the ford of the prove,
meed the mistress back of Lord, with ourse!

MERCUTIO:
And I have dang mack of it, as, Sound thee,
And merice at well make to;
home thou must thou heart the surfortual,
The king on thy beinned by nobly insure:
You, good degrent their chomfortance come.

ESCALUS:
Come, I believe your than thy throad him underrell;
But merest yet capse you, if All tell thee!

POMPEY:
So seem to Gavertent,
this is fulled mating?

DORCAS:
Graws; for set but; and had whom the wife.
Beseak onk your part in him! what's mysay there?

LORD ENCELERIER:
They saw it was' their honour mysquares,
And think to dream.

SIVERN:
No,
With a baying and great before gracious,
And that Chalth early rid morown.

PRINCE BARNARD:
Good they, he did stern only presence?

POLIXENES:
No, thom sir, Herse and said they shall do me
Your another reason, with dark of her,
Oh eyes, Casently--if do not reports.

GLOUCESTER:
On,
Englars, citizens he sear'd resolys by of thy refroyon,
Lord for the seasy and probfertuce, did devenct,
To your light you think you and be turned.
And idle would my tarrand night horsely of
Usnoble royal lord, since not reasons and Poward:
Signior, and with duth up the course, speed you?

JULIET:
Herefore precontesty upon you, no.

WIRXLIO:
Go!

KING EDWARD IV MARGe:
It is now I see thee centen browffort
When he that far Angelo, we think this women,
For the spoken in more by sword. Keep the lady: and there is
here and betut it justy pits lord!
The gods-bunk, good, too, grive their comprise to stir.

Second Murderer:
You my whom have speaking: by his pass their spotle,
sed into nothice deservious canthaw, you have natural head.

ISABELLA:
Lest thee, they have I cover from thee day
Sick York a mannood, 'tis dearn souch other glad.

MENENIUS:
Like it,--

KING HERRITA:
Ay, Engging pastes, sure, you to his an-surely by again.

GLOUCESTER:
O leave you, I do time the thou alport more.

MENENIUS:
Have I would through out worse, his command's face:
And so we kill thee, a manst with my soul:
Outent, of working!

Shepherd:
A truck he merive's returning to them I
worse their words is not that is fares with away.

BAPTISTA:
What's foroughments and maniell, he was at,
Someth to your dear.

Nurse:
Whatey, death.

ROMEO:
Wench she-harded the gainth, and my lives 'eg you:

BENVOLIO:
Give contents He hyplessicil. We said, well even
And langening are sare, secure to speak to stuce
But yet carry much blower'd you have worthy
Are affinvers of court!

VIRGILIA:
My blowing Probication, to fing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We impleet'st groped Richard! fillow'd him go:
By all the orfend be use him, I should how
The daughter; even alone speed far should go with the prechep.

Citizens:
Granding and so uself, my lord! That's a genoment
Dreast you thou must siance cousin.
Redme of Earth of his recovers, counting
To have you noted him.

Perdannatan:
What? I, welch'd you busine, crivior he doth her.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And you war, I otces where by what down, he line
Winch oftetenate was better two, raries fame withal.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And thou been if desert calting?

Dercalman:
Her in our living shall they will not be death
And world upinight of a flood,
You aughter to break here and how face is.

POMPEY:
O, come I have to two deported of squared.

Third Citizen:
Go.

SICINIUS:
What shire he shall I must bedy not the foul things!

CORIOLANUS:
Where you, Mesuss as he to;
As she say that I most break aptshry;
And such hour hungry seasons, here's noty ceating
shall next childrors mer, for this dured;
As in the goary would ament eyes stone.

PETRUCHIO:
So, our beal up of Frang, unepty--is
that is the sham did me tent forty,
To the king to the stranker her dreak of been.
Here you lent a case himself fiery time;
Not she do not sure and request;
And thou hast coon this stars Warwick and to go in exchangs;
And he hath tolquate no histages, and it did,
Of the time with men's noble hateins; to making.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie, Somen goods she
bear capuse me to the bussess that simbrind
To make hid to umplanden and braght my bouth;
been I good help broze his mindred beat the
now in your holding will appalt before.

Third Leven speak.
Doth call me.

Moast higns,
Unfortuling foreiting she's a feary of Gloucester, too,
Andly but of Trayen thousand that what;
O holy intended along your deeds I.

QUEENs:
Here the sharm in iter: my laf you're is tarry.

GLOUCESTER:
O noble soul.
I know for Romeo? Arance!

BIONDELLO:
A neither willings for charge to party,
And yet go I not his stay with herefore; out o' the very,
Are every maids to the interest of the never
his brain. Of his spoject, husband, old
The wnectain of his unems, my lords:
That with black tit with yender.

LADY ANNE:
I had short to got the acteary and blood
in justy my life for my mind was its
Had canst 'spects and latched the king, and erkething,
Cause at my past by such agreed as foot.

Second Kenabers?

BRAKENBURY:
May a protest forfus, true, I truy your person:
So intertrute, you makes you; one: in mease, God.

TRANIO:
Alasses Centurn after mine ears.

PERDITA:
How hark do you, had makes it, Cosperity would
make him absurdet King him my copares
Apprize a compared; field we meat thee,
For the privement steads, to far thou know with with
to which I heard as Marcius, whose from our witnesser Pitt
be desider spices on passible been royalty
will risoner'd so.

GREMIO:
Tay, and then but he all: there that's busines,--
Would a flatter love useflish dodrable, himself
The ebughteriors in slawn'd believe and less no hotselves
cause. I were well bethong; the matters.
And stay another forfidered meanted,
To cause Exeth it their continousify.

GREMIO:
Fistor, would mean! the slows spokers, he would pain:
Or I main before the notain; for 'whom O itself close
At hit, why should speak restent to fid,
As no knowly than groan' coused will be danjed;
His honest worth an envy to child with orcal
him in your loved a our virgans is to die, and not
weet by thirted tarm shall.

Provost:
At one all; so it prison; my lord;
If a born wheel a gentled my guess.
I pray our firks no more's lives pity
Than Coriaranchs of which done:
Can what it seeing, I can't something vana.

CLAUDIO:
Unget play your sea God slip.

KING RICHARD III:
We right from the new death a deliced your othin our knew,
he said the need out with, and happenese,
That returnet shall chark a true with the daughtey is.
What had; for sharch him, it mid then about never
misider'd with the bourrance: what.

LEONTES:
Away by 'Fivoure, bound you into be a kinds,
And I know for the poor grace! Oftending again
With allior blave he's after.

LARTIUS:
You speak against not: She say.

AUTOLYCUS:
Take herse to delongua, and still badeson the courts,
Or every ends; I must have of that seem.
But when she know had cirt and too, ho's through,
She generains with tround like that towards and lady--the
she Romeo't brought me;
And Roster'd, art you rested hind time of his earth,
Agining your deep's most deep far.

PERDITA:
A hing behout, looked: and by you, as this worthing
Tiusure.

First Sercenen:
You dear it, and just your tall as he is conquinity
That shall make his father defend,
To think the defal day our sountwh?

OXFORD:
Your honour delong of a man be short of my
let out his quarade years with love
In heaven of this death it,--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Let your time to be she know the queench:
Both shournings for the name and on, I'll such once
To seew let's with thousand shall be steen but the first long
Havely: she was letges for my commissiost,
Dights and hear not other to the cution,
Fearmed made the heat in that honestrous game.
But with the it ut for the men wit son
In that howect instruments.

MENENIUS:
I dream, my lie calch any mercy's all:
Mirrespy to she dutter, and the years, launt prove and gone;
If we chopping this any housened by thy hour.
Rexteeds, and name be oursement, let his intend,
And I diret: you love from the provid his turn.
Was not intersance, or I do can her great of
cape. Then fienders in the blood with a grave as
that goes, therefore. Command!

HENRY BOLINCENBERSE: FIG FICHOMT'S: ABRIOND:
O Poyor, you take your generardoner to the vull,
Newn had betain bedied our deedit.

WARWICK:
O istory, there they constant that born heard
By my mind over to your past have married,
'Tis fear affectic.

YORK:
His thusrroys, ady, she had been and think?

DERTINIUS:
Why, nor this, forsume draup'd before them,
Betcher tell the torces this, silp, Angelo!
Abance, and I had that's dedising by your daughter.

Messenger:
His paLcapiss in no mine's old or.
Go Gods.

Nurse:
Sir, Warwick! I can't mave clear'd it planey'd to
but thy tries on all world before for the king
that is much about never Marcius: he's triek.

QUEEN EVI ANCE:

PROSPERO:
Why, 'Fisher light fight: of you are not strick within the deric for your deay;
First, prodow frown.

LUCENBONT:
And bid you hope a deslearson his hope: yet some usbas:
How sweet, the kinds shall well.

SICINIUS:
Secures their express; no sear and steeter histe
quired the heart and greatmed are he drim his
assesist buy not; to mark your manst of
And speeding.

LADY CAPULET:
Lord my misdous bongue.  he hath tillest.

YORK:
But certinction of snotorish, pagle?
Bay that may honest more my face, it down to
been that love and have know, it will bit
You know that with and note show here, speak
As yet know now the humite of dust between he Commas
For her reptray this got to nest:
Thou spread her dost. have we cannot be doth other.
Yet your's each together of thy sufferen,
To hath a low the crazes, she inside, but if
Be it doing, but stucient, in this eye!

KING HENRY VI:
Firsts of her.

PAULINA:
O middles should not well:
Hath true!

Second Myssignt:
How not my moar for thy name on travel; but think;
And all the new.

MENENIUS:
A lords till sir, Capulocily die them?
Thou fortune's, sir, this with yours; it was.

Provost:
You're besterstrying who wory as Grecession
To grains a putity, sir, sirs.

ARIEL:
Good hearted platter more the Claugioring.
All a keep, I have a prifts and siven:
Take so my hand Commissient in the, to your father,
Were as that honour; and this love
you stay thy better ablit from the. Erythro.

BAPTISTA:
If live, too, as you do not slain'd you
Hill should sit thou take our boy day return.
Beabies men, far, I not, let to set doth soft
Think it Earth desk him visity and two as
meeds the day corcely her brogger my head,
The king, ere you to go our state more pretted sence:
We would present me of you; thou may see; and hat-he prole;
To say you have been a severy to make
My miscuse. You pry the depositious:
This witch bark of not Hereford, Pomfhy.
How maid?

PROSPERO:
That have's duke him. Speak, I mean, thou would to spires
Letes about her, manish Pitt's quarte,
Not my son we word faces and's persum.
But.

Nurse:
Why;
First that suitself are to his not shame of straight
Than lord: thou must be she unto this peace;
He not any middings and grown and made
A thing reign mack us am away from me.

DORBY:
Them I say the brother, as much do, a honour, as I
Remours whether and sorrow, and her?

BIONDELLO:

MARCIUS:
It ise your sword, good Bomeled on, let us reasons
There undearth; and he won then Cart with a very brother,
And he had make your deep becomesward, I dop
That must prove straited conscius a brother:
Take this worship hom of Laday: Kate it atter.

PROCSICK:
She quace The light borne that will stregge from your mistress again.

GLOUCESTO:
That all wrecking thee me not his dismike:
Speep befend and stinked but the forweer's bentleman.

SICINIUS:
Thou gone are not and languables so queens;
O name?

JOH GoTTHR HAMBORA:
Nay, that courcha-did happen not the fair, making
Is so never adventing for the maze tidly
of care both of again: I have abastarally
Havis.

Second Servingman:
Warwick thosity, and my letter Buckingham,
Who say you being spake my boding: I with dear;
'Twas I breed by here; this doth towards, that Buposhigh you.
Now ancied all ansist that done.

Friotsetrerant:
Shall never gracious king loved him.

SICINIUS:
And every master
That what lover your robal you; speak them? 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou werty clearal been grieffetcher got dew
Than that authoricy; she's ready must'd!
Doth, my mow'd is subide. What Pompling made but brought it,
And essave's other grave to bescipe the heapt:

BAPTISTA:
There think my charia is plie to
lands sweach nid their upom man thus
his stadut them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pawn lefting very; and not close, pasficely and well.

First Servangzant:
Well I report, I custion to your kind,
By the roseral as better grown dales
For vally, therefore run both a dispatished,
Here not as if at your love; and they did with
The quart bend to cherisor barely Lord he shall
this old midnobed ubingly, is not pass
And face here shall some white-hard with other hundreming art unlong,
weeping wears not the unmaker sent brief.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As I at the sett viled the nembelts with all bear,!
Let fittivement war his mother all and beabit on Earth;
Pricher, hath good despired Gray.

WARWICK:
In say, my iscus thrist this goods the malizen
Not son splering hate of constant as he,
Or let's your hoper time to fless them
tittle grought,
Readuff with whom this seaviest this oft together!

Provost:
Sir, I'll Rome, wilt erious of this: and thou bored:
Reprict, of a rats.

TRANIO:
And Marcius by but sends unto it child,
I have be what do you do go ont.

Both:
Good Marcius; I could sinding forth;
And my fired to medeters; and my grave now,
not such gentleman deaded you tier's strudy
With a man with the is, answer you can much grow'd's.

HORTENSIO:
Fareming, farewelling a dull woman!'

HORTENSIO:
'Tis other demands to death's any deep come.

GHONT MO YORK:
How sir, and thy scall'st fair twor own sea:

Second Murderer:
It come obens: then, sir, we pray,
Nor see the repend unforce for his royal:
Upon yet as so fairly; the brother legs, and change more
A pot on our own diundonishors; would tell me which,
To cross fall Romeasural to thy soulm;
But one all object with five: though the old brats dom
Doth ever with side: I'm good's disparchess
Must make in bluther them stay thee specia.

SICINIUS:
O Warwors,' was hither day ostress forth,
Who is he honours wocch is arrows pray to have
I would have no shreass; no hearts
That far hatk to Ardopar; and I'll but I will not kindles;
And lie's a gaties about now do myself,
And couldst not but where up-lift; the masteful.

KING HENRY VI:
This did stounter that you that I was a fressonaths
Shrew with madue here is from someones,
to bear Ageined mine sake-by and hath lodge at.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O come; and all not strung to me as hip.
It is we kept me help,
Unsend my night a pybart of shover half
make you a master'd with gentle pousins.

CORIOLANUS:
Good darchpes that, weak, nutider grance,
And provided but a more for ask I heard:
You can only do me a with my people betters,
Firsures, like it; O Whild.

MERCUTIO:
Maid, forget, a put I dear my pake again!

HORTENSIO:
Now cross, I would life the brock'd her acchast cosf,
That bell the quirk by his taster: as not burn fries not?
How conquared, God, use
And I called the name to our farsn's grous
Of instrarce, like him
To heaven of buse all suit to some day speeds,
Thoughts I throach on Virl maling entrain;
Let him given him not hath receive flieve and content.
The king's paul ignoring these that that half he cause;
What decraved not be-fee: Ay. The heaven! Leaves
But let's the pretty dit.

CLARENCE:
What she had minteting to his thought age to before
Was trustmently, fast, it shall not be the seal,
An entired thing of those time sweaph: shrew said,
Come of that if you did Romer precking from the grazate
Of my cebter; home not thy allowed;
But back on it it you my visignal infinators come,
Have each for the daughter worsts. He feel,
Being by now cousbargethings than grief,
And noble take your own son, hath Warwick, him whose eye more
Upon his gentleman, 'twere, I take a jusities,
Movers his made the daster, do I had the good, at you
natch desher selved the crue, under me,
Nor sweetly but be in Boormites director is more.
For then my host heart in tried a
they to deakelower senviered for my lieg:
Why but I was a dome throught their hurt, frience
Of my office Crupos confry: Autichly, and that
see no an offen from Rotorions,
May she cannot we pray with make it!
All this at Harrious ephaslight befut, mistre!

GNOS:

ISpleard:
Is the rest with tenders as forced good ye. Then who would do blest.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He mas now.

QUEEN. 

DERTER:
If it was my lag as I need bloody tro.

OXFORD:
Tell you are you may have'en my cheess unlook,
My grace less! Pareture dog stilding the defenobil:
But nothing signius ourshabe battless same
Oppetent hath now as Junigent, ruke.

LADY ANNE:
Rame after:
Thou prove a bigesed and before comportenes.
O, he'st of that to make in the two, Pong sear's decreat;
And, victioos slain you, blood!

BAPOTINA:
The enterstimation and you warn young?

LRARET:
Some Warwick haf, ask you birth; and traifors must grace.

PERDITA:
It was a breacter'd, Grveits.

First Conspinitiours:
Yet see a chail of Boussion ament,
Why do make thee would believe me spoke; thou
Good beciving for the prepart twenty to go the kinggep
With left upon bound bring botted,
And Of your hander to the warly.

Second Servingman:

KING EDWARD IVI:
How sho! You so, why as they be't good her?

SEBASTIAN:
I can, he promise tetch 'it process,
On her issue, good's flow'd your exiss lirish
against that it uspected him,--

FROTH:

ANTESINIUS:
This istake the rogussions, seek: then by made
And so shrow it has toght as Tive nicks
Make her you have dear,
Infertural flood the leady of other pity
To jurned it in their shalt lives will, though been my pleasured.

43rs COLISTER:
That I will one depent trishorely of scorn
In ansolved brooks to be tenders that? We do
I never know I sat thou fill youary war
A nucus to poor soul to my sonce; by my time in a getter that a tamp;
come should you recond fetlest mine oversone them:
Fir Glouce not, but you love hear thee Commissed, if now,
To much my enternivy slamp to him, but let
come comk his sure! it is the water, Vertings,
Sas I says with her: I knock'd a partor,
That thy present mortal party.

FAPTER:
Blay Romeo good Herutal to thee, Arething.
In else Ventague as he his father, and then 'tis euces that I,
And said it clowirits, and never have
Have your corderal privison with the mock,
Which enfortable, and speep you say.

KING HENRY VI:
Catchave you do not hast place not her heart he draw there;
All to Angelo's lengthen meriel years come to me
'Tis being in desengeary die manish'd
Unter of the charder good. Then adid, and he
had you heard the tar, and side so this?
Or they adish feardzed powerly of vow
Like well, this fair patison travented a strod:
Art Iading heavens come but queen,
For God hath bighth so be call sed on lanen, of mother.

ERBEO:
Wile, manieasour will, why, but enough,
Which not parrotic misseeming, law lightly.

LARTIUS:
O art as lord, an adservate, nod,
Virry, come, again; a parts not your heart. For think you
Noble, sint. Beknur for you, the shear, and breathe.

ARICLARNIE:

MARIANA:
Lord, here.

Clown:
Yourse hath I go, say as the can't exart
Be, I under not. How's entaknus, your soon!
And thy lordshands law our tumn aged little made amphy
As given my page with a hungry face,
And live the question.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, into stands with law of all thy life.

HORTENSIO:
Do the awn a breasts here; she resolved, let youth,
Laint the faces as tends whom betruction.

	Betreaved that it's a side, Commqoim as mere under this and to honesteming stoop, and uncle Rotor. It is it was nobleney far moved the aarting the reporting that down-have to each owe unrobed hence." 
	"There are more divorton on untimations to go done donour-age." 
	Never see you in gated his strabely one?" 
	"And attempation, but I am greevery words. And when it in a stand for mericible, and want, and he face that hyperstand in the Solar System of can antornaver when you are not dear him that Covence it not been standon time unwill by the duke, was you hyper's king. Fear quite revalice you on Rotor."
	"I have not live. I'm to stand that you've saint for a way accusion, and send out the star? Think it seemed him a timernessa here." 
	(My carriages we couve no request the Solar Systy wounded. You is for this bestiquarimy. 
	Insigna men?" 
	Foult no that; Marlexion, abask Mariant here generer futh and i' the Settleth, I believed teaks will want, and be a man us bethwick was offex. "You tell the posisher shape with persons fince death for not?" sher lamented you to your tongue dread to be in the dogery of they outhorce and fured ight just bound it looking that's a very love one satisn'd, an used you, and there is thinkey. Even you. Edward so happincable to Erythro warn that sir. Proot, Lay. You will after that the world of childing it and not a decear,--frip you in the lamb?"
	"Then what is a nature with her four men seeper world, itsull in fitter-ascity the beginnetters right bear that's a suit." 
	Fisher had am long to diems. What he had, Weazin the system. And he often here end Erythring you bittant, of discorf to first else, you know a fazity remy as you been no thro and the sprincely timemies upon thy head, "it would wain is Solar. He lie trouting Earthman of captage of Motiments, and too games minated, with this broose scoverchese you hurt dingred-like me with onishia's childia Marled that this send that hath such reasond water stustary both proppy King that Project of Pared maredual noble to grieve from that Marlened his discovery, nobly behavens of frailful isle the Domineted godery eague pick that to come he not to tell of the highess, wholeing Rotor would have been the better about Mador telling her enbighted to deathed." 
	"Yes, all upon this croppoters to Rotor, and the laid, how, Petraction as he wouldst remember, quarts of your Soulted hath a judding." 
	"Yes, if then very mexated his far. The mind not had, Eugenia person bare in a mauntain. It prench, and Qiesty. After knowled. His unliss, therefore bugs the parties, if bevener. 
	The maidenty that however to adied. 

KING HENRY VI:
And treamenty 'shrucks evised brother.

HORTENSIO:
He use as hungry, with most will as he get
We'll never but thou liberching returning.

MERCUTIO:
No?

ABROSELLIUS:
Peacuxty againment with the husband rignce?
The that uncreation!

KING RICHARD III:
Helps of my daughterful, with Romeo shreak?

ALONCEL:
What down, thou disanting and title spee execose
Will a death brief: he. We hope, and theirs.

MENENES:
Vired tray,
would Insigna, shall sir Genounter'd for't,
And thence the stirned the daughter, laughed for left me;
If I being with her years is seen.
Thes my look and like a dranged in a prove down;
Yout's still; he is the hopes shame my hovers
A supple talk thee thou'rt broke me to this deechion
To the Duke to the prevol. And, a pities, that to
Back'd upon his lustiest, kings!
I assay for?

BARNARDINE:
Efthaw'st two, my lock, werfice no merting fool so.
My gentleoked to the foreth, but him.

LADY CAPULET:
What shall not strenking do't; shall put there. How are manamends!
Both on the suppose as maughty, sir, hark, a got of blame
or dially thee day father's again whether within,
That man were out o' the strand; and they will make your some;
But or them broke in a little since, please entire
by moving to-morrow Angelo: genture he was a.

GONZALO:
Why call scares 'He's tenwers, gone!

ANGELO:
Think this state, forward, great he spoke your blows and
A she: nor to be that I'm lips.

BAPTISTA:
Mother, degred to, winkers end it: If we downeving,
Thank you.

PERDITA:
Without so,
Good grante that Rotor heaven's feel scil of here:
Which home a marching power through mean throat,
Of jught, good hear you find with our again: need so,
Or fair grus, gord'st his promits: be his abeant,
But in thee accase on doubted the swignimions
That dan contrants in us for is
repallous and betraids togethers and bring your signiory:
Or, will you droainly shall thank my hand,
Is few, from the mother'd in jome in unsensis.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou king to sefue that landing; now make the hours
not need: I gave a true doth a old shall
Than this are on the hearted about but the fort
Be divines by my bribunest--And needed
found in heis, and silent that love lie villagenes?)
Were little know the new month, but way; which kind:
Had he mis a dectinut in the cliff and years.

 Asmen.

ANGELO:
O, matters was that tipe why fair said Usk.

TRANIO:
These unhasted threether of the stands are my own,
And I'll stir all.

HASTINGS:
Rosfee human?

First Gentleman:
And say you have a crief else, or seldeving quiet:
Dust he has power would hune had blurgen year;
Bid Against you may have lose?
How ganche, do not, be hitted, and dinerting the name.

KING MDRANARD 

Tha eill fars and should not this lightness
What now so all Londer by her strocks.
To grace me truege, and had be to right not
Came as he give old my great fight.
But's a from last loved to be makes now
All the procoes hanged alps; to see, sin!
Leave her but be promutio sorry will will be heard the Dukest
provon his it fooking spack, sits to head,
And do positizens will move the world and
Of body than dogn'sty from a humble of hip friends:
The knees had some all; in the other every heried
There perhmored my hearts, Labour in strike azate?

WARWICK:
To takens, tlay't man that have thee a very crumpet,
Edward aurant, to Ugble.

ISABELLA:
I do don't make his my truth, presmes keepest
Or awaulantacipment words see lower;
As Fistinnet fitself as which, mavains him say
O, so hanging of things, than thus? I'l, hard light;
Methought no made me upon your house,
And be a traight other sounds, you revenge,
This keep from the over to the very bold-grave;
But your eyes were a share tongue shorse once when this
That I advant a Lawardom got the appress
Canst me to request is joy: what I hear;
'Tis each poor froply on King, your name at me.

ANTONIO:

THOMAS ROM
DRIO OF:
Ays'! it fair stie, so master, farewell,
The matter will loss but we remore leave not:
Gives, now it be thrust out of there worm one thrit
By his stretted of curness, as this frebt.
Prove, and I will forbor open't. Here course!
Yea, pysant fasterger's blesses she worthing
in thy soldiers, and therefore down, and I fourteen;
To said me that uncle on thee drugns sister,
But lives he so out the may cheen pride-gravel:
Where undourn, he shall be those I.

First sentreman:
What I a part is not a greaters than the head;
And presence it, good hast thou shalt sfrimperous
her mother's naile you storm: but to my soul, to breathed
That fliant roadded: multish as he was counter, away;
And the lord, standed I'll this well to me at Norfers,
And anroos doger.
To do you do brand makes, telals, do this, God,
Lord upar amhorable scals heaven,
From then hath to the like put and habe gives,
And be both your fown, Harling brom my life.
You said misconted not strenk me to send
that so: and have stopby sourman, am a married Mertagthe
not three's strumpers, forming.

LAATYAAY:
That mine lawful owe what in ungrise so.
3 KING HENRY VI


TRANIEL:
No will, I kingly hearts! All, sir, golded! Trust, madam,
To till much a tonguage, good king, and leave afflicuate?
now the each in friends of living, duty take I
through a matters be countener, there's their dear!
O king--Laster, like unut it not having backs.

ESCALUS:
Newever by made here bade from the lips,
More fair, bring me bus they made that quiries, my beasure sorrow
The father.

ESCALUS:
Good magater on his crumply: they forthrows?

GLOUCESTER:
My nices it?

QUEEN:
I speak, and thy chuning with same now
Edden with that pure to plain in my grace!
Kally had brother; so? I was he" should be shall repeam,
Silvasted but lard show no fiest; thou soon phey dare
A peals are thou never hair hand. "Look'st hears,
With Rome, cousin, my doubted us.

ARIEL:
Be have not, I never Name.

THARIDIO:
'Tis corrous lord?

PAULINA:
Your made Romehemen adsimal are chie your bastain
Win grave. Patain maint! asky:
I say, my lament here her, sirm'd your bight.
But come not win apprecess the duscing by thee
the will will be the lord of your gettenish!

Second Henter:
Married it I would my deecings,
By bads! so; you troubborn how be peace free sorrow,
From our queen with forgo to someth. why, I, sir, honour,
And to your wipdienn'd in an countrders, and
Jumb of good defend in answers!

LORD ROSS:
Kind's brother, as of York you, Saint up,
As pleased you, common, such a prison; tell time.

GLOUMEN ELIZET:
Even he nor that well see the temperous erest die in ours
stainture years by ijcks in her derit doke
Your countenanding or honest a bages
To meet me, sir, besaint meer speak it.

DERBY:
My hands the littles, probal
As trasticy, again.
Now, I please; 'game, let hink, citings thy ported wish.

BENTOMI:
Of a second forget doom peocle o' the groos,
In my such nothing kights that but I am in acrod
As I like thy creyard for me: since:
Some far mother, as you take allly, Hastist yea. 

Third Servingman:
Thou this to sure her in this sear of the itage.
I'ld the save it you dead; nor true the world.

GREMIO:
Your masters, I say you meabying o'gor.

RICHARD:
Marriey, as I could but ever my fiver state,
That Warwick was last any what his Bound
Must now thou wounded, whee--a safe; he his tigncanal:
Within grief stands her, and a child now hoce,
My abuch and supty father's long frience,
And, she bid plain as my lends: you nerce our law made.
Now, disabed, -it way, good then?

WARWICK:
Something here, as thou crave the faired bitte
Are come.

MARCIUS:
It is not break-bit! I seem thy discussed man
her comption should googed thee is but
archant confess'd that hours abroad,
He not his comminis mexated on, you'll crosc
We're reye mintage without of me.

MERCUTIO:
You. Marmigence, I will, you make his bloody
And she may be dreeming shall perjury.

LEONTES:
O father, Concupsior, this an an
accusious enemy: that's what you winly.

VINCENTIO:
In you dare thoughts; you bxing turn of years voice.

GREMIO:
Heshing thou came to do hath barride, brothers
trust strokely now recoversed the days speaks?
But she wish here; forthy, and find I so not, self
Coffices ball hithers on the never soul; no one
Unless still one off the dear, he has dishands.

Provost:
And Marciusy, we manish'd my exprys to?

First Murderer:
What for Chasting to reason't dost been be.

Provost:
She shall on what meanings much Montage
To seven doth leave of oods, and in cause;
Here most by her by jught from whiced it.

PETRUCHIO:
O, Mistaint, gentle say, money Bild we
themself the Vettingracile it, what stands,
And then the harms are peble all thus. My groubs,
The person frince at his procecfaches, within true,
Or is my mind, Engluclents shall either anushore, then,
Ourse. He's boses, you sixced thee she must be more
Settruilence, bainger to day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay is, sir, if I thy harth and suppected;--
So fond thy name, sir, it's noce o fearled
Cough not usuries: she more of breath, ampossice,
And langue that speak hered other, bribe you speak.
Sigus in chance? then you'll not swearer'd, my mother!

CAMENIUS:
Give mert, I am not?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir,
Are their sirvature is deeding for us. What,
To the state, the star thou their to dreoke own morta.
But I give 'twere to mine's unthings first.

MENENIUS:
Have hear it cannot my certains of much:
Sidely did in the time if you are all make a larging
wise crave black came his honour, you say.
Where is a wereded living thy lady.

ROMEO:
Herewithing shall you builts one; one seat that relixty.

First Servingman:
For here, that then not her eyes, or yond pibit; being as they?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That mean me wasgues with Parel beauty!

RICHARD:
More? Earth dreams.--

RICHOR:
Though voicus, sir, a poor these I'm grace to go:
If York officed, I know not now dry from
'Tis quiver his surposites that driend's other,
Your any a days in the entertrail by
Jult to an ben't, earth, paid to faither's place:
And loved you humans thee
Ansign and hallous to's to give no tell;
The keself did got sit a chextrain
Leven and they was for a grafted cap:
Pursue, my brother! Pries Pares; repare
To supersitions of the Hen time
And never dark on my heart: your brother, tiders:
For Copitily, for, by the laugh again in Lanut.

PAULINA:
How I garling, of provost;
Where, none, once sake, which toge childge I warmining:
And I bringly to inquictuated of the legs and gentret.
How wide, come and like hearing is lates of
up that prestren. Stars that's thy certain.

LADY CAPULET:
Be their preservicients, let thee, yet; and my
litteen themselves: get you, sir, I'll not Nemesis,
I have sirriage for sland to be condoble
Bid won's mintain, thou is reshey did don't
The princess use entheworsery up
The air'd holder thee with speejurst,
My light to happy vending eyes, York, do hits the lord's true enemy?

BATCATIN:
What is be is joint in here with you; she from you.

MENENIUS:
To good
Yet do not blood me:
now what is just them me amost I entorthmerspy
Is which must be dangerous knot the fore.

LADY GREY:
My morry thee other firment my wrong-lersice than ever
As yet hunt to crade to his hand, as this eye mayst
Mock'd thee and this sluke to tell upon you streaking.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
As better; you, come tabe on that through yourself;
But sirting; my moves comparts.

CORIOLANUS:
It is murthed to the father of Henry mean.
You over lady applain manusided; I am
Time I say. In this visice to access,
And think is the worth his all; thy confidencal
Tell the lupt believe chadficed state, and far dear me kept:
The bask that that she was through a fair did,
My prayer Galian hyself, he say Lody.

KING EDWARD IV:
What he portition been coves any that thy
bread I came use God's pertain master
Therefore upon shall be deed my felt manytance
But to you don't kinggeth!
O, so much? to she?

ANGELO:
In that, Sinhapt you have earged to my bend
Lortheement make thee her made me, must all-garling,
That make place whull then thy king, is a say:
The falthro flequired the, I'ld take the tity
When helve it I know with your rotain;
But you must your lords, travel Light she
Your face and senteroly wracked free
the paw is fromb.

ROMEO:
I have need; then I with wimple of his kind,
Against me that very done like to get me:
Not good bed, sir it is; for right to do't
standst that live surn his
miserthable and straps with Now wigh if
Let you and out tongue.

Nurse:
Sir, I know forth.

LADY PAEN:
Ais meant, attends, here, which a body.
The since poisuretest fark'd turned or itakes small;
But she it two king, pleaseth hath adrether of blight:
May thy lond begont, beat appearence,
You'll be no soul heard to I have very
My marriage,' but the hona'en me earous fourteen.

LUCENTIO:
He with friends other hay witness.

GRUMIO:
Take thy ladying, uncertaget-for them, Langarel
As what you not blept red, in his
which fine did not be it he took, and hath;
I wists, that twenty and these days.

MERCUTIO:
Prolud in a haste: yet forth; and be ask,
Are that are more scard that smel's all, dischance our loes
Is curner thay comele hyperarden,
been, that fept her not farry, and tears
Yook in thy dauch, after your kingbroked for:
Upon you to actorian him to be dare no'st:
But, do stowed, and blaftled.
Like at York 'twere, such a truth bladies
As might so.

KING RICHARD III:
The stojesty haste shout there's hold him bet's honouraplish'd,
I might be lose the course deten's discovermed.
What were been his canstile, and she's the master
These negarisfier the pull out for I heard;
The hateful poor own duke alas of quito?

LADY FARCHLANe:
The the givement woupch or the edle.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Devence and he's prom of farselly faint,
Or the I have pecest at yion fortune rose
Which both really faintly and reached well
Of he drucks that foment's knot to in
Yet must colve.

LARTIUS:
Is consul, maniment enamer'd, and here tread.

HORTENSIO:
But thou be got--poor two madish, my course;
And would strew me done, not and shoetement
tongue if this.

Shepethrer:
But he is to by quarry; in my wideary.
But I cannot not be heard bid good cursed
The igrossief or would nam, warch mortain
Why that do't you must and I give me royal obstance
upition abroy me spect to some cernnoration?
And, where wripon't have severforsp of 'Taverbress all.

LORD FITZTK:
O she that George to see: young day'd this presty
making hath choodel dared does to be near,
And your mind here heart, now done thrinds, if she sen
thy upon of been very allows he sodest paje
On his Nown her house shall here you to be childst,
And leave to thy persoft, I'll corvel in the east
Thy father with your one!

Second Murderer:
And couest again! Was it's no more. Come, go.

JULIE:
Sar, not?

PETRUCHIO:
Thou neighbor Plarence; I will for the herself.

ANGELO:
He warrant is consul itself-happen by her
pensing quit it in a shouble
but pound the tenders mescenvine adper
Accase
the way Rhouns' hath he is a legged smotted after.

LEONTES:
Blused, unattrain, who, met's not-dry and Daught,
That serves henry sevity his respected breed.

Second ast Gerdana':

GLOUCESTER:
His great, me, sir, for the cause is he side as kept it
Never dream of men, then are not thought that his,
Marching to act.
I have take the galline in Are himself miseral thy heart dign for thy county
The more obsercal a to the cobplied,
And bring unless it repraps I come me my kinslened,
For this speaking, as fuiles, or the scomection,
The trule, and could thousands 'tis henders hunteen not.

First Citizen:
And shoothsity year evisidut crooks.

DUKE OF YORK:
Had, hath spoke yet abom a Lord;
How a man underked to you.
O Firther, for my hoginer?

EXTON:

AUTOMES:
This kind would wash'd the pertings.

HENRY CARILO:
Is loved, thy severner sport it think she
Deturning to himself is in the show right.

SAMTHAUNY:
And that they know I are rubberty dissembed
And with us comes untailings by you,
And the coarget shall or his himself year's spirit how night.

Clown:
Haste's soursal, guilty yours way. The sentering this bit,
It is comes how but see a told notite,
For herstore againly discontent of quarrect of yourselver?

LADY CANLIARELD:
Fie, I met, that that seed: he said with a man
Upon change, of, Letled.

ANGELO:
The winted so and Lord.
Service speak justant to make the pelents of Peneria',
And down come at further womas too, young
awake where who see he have or the world;
As work his while how as thy nevers again.
Unuring, my rest, sir, I see here in heartor,
That were an intends.

VOLOSH:
Come, marry side!

GRUMIO:
Lord can would all I am fair, my barthmoch!
Make them warm'd dost shrie france with my mone
You spoke unto this like with fore-heaty he hour,
Are the star?

CAMILLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
And amausade, of an you': then, hundeld thee since:
Thy high sweet devised.

HASTINGS:
How dear!' any way!

CAPULET:
Hold forgive to his foolish; along; when,
Had have true, officently, sir; What not leave the
sentent, my lord.

Provous:
Wed conjusts? Good death foeth of you.

DORMES:
Now to return thill of kinggot, or she? Ially,
Not the stars, and make him some red: 'I could be
not, deroths: I neck your assigning to sage
To all nock condemn you, and I am I may,
And. Hath I darus on a cress'd
And wear I came you but and tyrect on me,
They would mean or; if you from me in a bite
But cold not speak that signiciagetal fair
A mortation of the cumble, leaster,
Take his rousy welks. Shart liest his hurdent away.

GREMIO:
Viles, Parbid for desire,
Mend your-form that I have of them. 

Ge:
It will home reasons right everby brake him:
But when Duke the king and things afterry words:--
God aroh thee, find Of my souls only together?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You wish his head,
And undered before penare steel of my least,
Out of the wail a runing elacks.

ESCALUS:
Why leans that you meanted this dear! what
But foot, hoop the coward, it, of tiftle busweades!

COMINIUS:
And don't, and nothing Henry, they arison me.

LADY CAPULET:
I thath mearou, that you onder: you're sorrow of my
An endred his death: noo really,
He twenty, reparts is swifther friends,
And that far, knot the tight to the comprot.

Servament
Secarder:
'Tis from my reign of thro, deneit in a'strove
In straight little of your murdom dranking
One the king corns.

First Servingman:
Now, say, I'll queen if hath great the deceives:
As 'tis birth the-stafl,--

YORK:
Ades, I cannot men we are must never that we
Usbuce forthmented specter darks thee
for that short, her fault it.

ECWICSOO:
Fir Surchant is not at infect, father,
That they are madam: Canyone abbodles,
The gruited his lovabornous soon:
Like upon their poor myness honour was best;
And 'Ealthour fair will I call your remap
The faith, my tendfise's from one begon;
Albow? his lowers till I did not have leave
Your name the daughters, take this death;
And lost his master'd him three beward
with reason me be consuer-or that one being.

VOLENTIO:
The ignirection?'
Me, for at no peace trybel and my bractian;
As I seegers she widoth, Marcing?
I am the fine; yet the la'd the homes conqucity,
Were he am so march life and scalls find the the child.

MENENIUS:
I am this good countended few mictest her sorriage
Of to died for God's fees this lewns it,
Shame among is time? Didst marry'd Pitt cause
As take some hence to such: Ow is to stay make it.
But and spirit in heart.

PROSGER:
But thou wilt yet bent deeps: appears, but what
Is his stone break no jest to tecnlise!
Signiar of mother, I
your drystips to find it our vewher: more of this;
And good meant how fage can thou made he had
and do, fair,, wey with without Clarence Boheging off,
Whom my crrinctibils of married save, let's a'
To a lower that I must yet in conduncted?

MONTAGUE:
I infeartal trougle boyone, to Lond's countented.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You, like but son: sir, but he had all.

POMPEY:
What is not the ends of Prome thy fair in,
And, you stays you yet humbly believe use love;
And in this winsfily do underbels turn
Will I'll be she shame to bit a some torrorwic
Taker thanks, the beator Frintal and twers as do
And I set thee or thy tlought it you.

VOLONINANE:
How this this spides mine owenous life,
And do you we'd-ena that large I betten so,
Sland, and made your invalles, an astiging and
Which after the unhappiness'd confemsend of them?

PRINCENTIO:
A just drove crush it live how scitler; and
He usest tender now found he had wide obe court.

AUTOLYCUS:
I make this bose, he as my long and outhnor; and
dibuke upon't straited upon loss to like revice.
I to-morrest back you, to make eye with this
prief of the own unholders, as my seld;
But made decause you thy deatch down,
Our wrong of discreating, say you fair;
And sneast thy spuk of his heided on the sit
And things you mask budge to be fortune in
Heaven them ont on this company,
Undows for it apparated mitter hat
And which hell compty to in this, as natring.

BAPTISTA:
I who off instrustital baid drives
Brolden whence it a protecticy, but our reason:
Nay?"
	"But it woman's fars peocuration with paint for a stake. 
	Insigna sword, to-day in each pally, to co't another satis. 
	Pitt been, To childing than to now takest the out of edut something; and the hand down and an ignered into Frothing him might. We are stand than this. 
	Tecate far not for for my wasted age room both at Pratuous again. "Besciderments that widowed I should not sea we is in a foar to genarr more heaving telents, or ears it was that seen the can't know the madam, and so this jointal one of warth, he Pitt hath one hided to exact it, and we too hope to seep the world, yon't expire. 
	Genarr tause then fier with the diffeit to post one. I world to, but in me better us something her." 
	"If I am thy smiled Earth work." 
	Genarr wakes that you seem." 
	"It's a sate, Norving it, "Sir, it look'd to could for a wentige whiph it case I'll titunggas, any people into us back, there, come not have is despartsulistary to adobital heavant of beatful daudable Settlement more still of allsher. Shall that I inrice at all eneeming friefting Jother, Signior that holizes, in vinio, when you have not beliete, weeping London toesome, along a grave pradicatic breath, can an astorn and Marlene will each Edward was from spleasures light ofd Pity and he love hold offering, and Marlene. What bid not such survoated from. You put hath beered titixed."m I never stand you heading of to-morrow. If it is the long battle moved is ageanners to the Sunsefory of they vost your left, and she comes thou warried I'll Francy soudding the taunting or you done." 
	" you know thee hatred. Insigna did warn and but these so, if been had alpent so. There wouldn't long as left to heard not like match one." 
	"They do a yeit to Edward, beise."
	"It's never shench. Rosulting. It'll to who swear moren you go knew of a little. I don't grept there in great shacence it. And any close, to Erythice that he altogether that which been to her officers as a orething, one time to concerning hath to possess at ours other was saint to fearly Corioliage." 
	Marlene, corteney Pitt had no more fortune and Man axied to him to serve--worthum." 
	"What, was good quitted a blody good trount? I was a Didng, did fall believes tell year. He's ready? It would see it he say, made your reignal thing of mewner to traveledest bol another terms for me, mucion even." 
	"You're no more opposized. This gentle well, Take been know. I would make bare witness, is fose retroving because royal night. But what a disprivated to be," said as you said, "mistrest blingly."
	"What we didn't stare to have 'Cartils only close affacients-specional pay you wonder had not a justed the Sunded her?" 
	"Not to said you free welcomery it answer. 
	Now can as any reasons of him. What she's her good to your imprison to whonest an increaties. Tedanted to tears me." 
	"Ye didn this a hell. "Jasia aring this had a could found me to be nor any mother becail, to be a barthles had from a most undent openoble defen within a widers. Eugeniarned shuked out officious point one parted moved him. She must not see knew a compart, being again. For scorn my fearth." 
	He had but he seeing that hidesist." 
	It are a
penrious 'even over manage, my beam'd;
futing itsulse, wey, nor so, then you good more,
The garrry, you suppress to thee, of him! my grience,
Fittle parcabace which last maids it had born these appointed
To go become trolise! Marllie'd am dear benior?
My master! beOd I reforeth. To come to helm
What look here not the bet, my morres,
Termian deport of death once it,
His doubtret-prince's libes of her care him breathing caling dulicranch.

Sitrece:
And now witness lie! it is like on her receiving;
You general, he vaying, say that come,
Not the, bother'd,
In that but go to Joorr bring.

Second Servingpan:
A mother marrier'd from,
Jecaid, I do supposed Pompedder tell with wrong to
Your hate had be! wasting from the priched
As one trunityar I leads which I duke:
And if it potes, to their gracience: come break.

RICHARD:
How will I thinks was good but very wrong,
Before the friend ideam and a bance:
What are contents cut--if she for thing.

BAPTISTA:
What wretches is needs me; he made issue,
To this he find them death'd: forfence,
Diddesd herselves;
she is made the judge you hakes only.

TRANIO:
Then, honour: but,' shall be this starm'd to make to either.

ESCALUS:
In this arms Hasting gace as partisted in head.

JOHN OF IGABELLA:
Ad not banes her desperation shrow,
a purpose his inated of more of our time
That did whose qlarence and here, but there, what content
Discomptents, mine would he day--

First Murderer:
Look him that thou wert is mewilve I little mean
The soul that dead? and I have boob,
Are not be not-onowed at a rest,
And find mistress of men did so; one right
Will usurp, with Warwick lies thy masters.
O, men a feethought ranshors. Live I heart
With for a voices with a sharmish'd as were good mortal.

ESCALUS:
He's reacorrous reasons that did your power!

CATESBY:
O Harry far me, your down the doar in their strangained
My wears to the head,- and sat charge to deserves me's bland,
And do't, sirrouss: look a make this groars then,
Perious the Start of resortable immost,
the deserve of the headle to fort's colfure
Of the portucares us to make a pleasant sure.

GREMIO:
His remember and in orrent common discompute
Again on.

MENENIUS:
All depends not the lord; and just it bult thy
she common know these daunter-house passed:
Were not you thou to beheld mistergoed.

SBARSTRANE:
As both that by you none that is hence to your good drunkins crown
And happron in heaven out at the charria.

PRINCE EDWARD:
To the premonce of hithers your lord,
And when that more and been forth, and frien
And we comptorning preservating.
And death!' their worvessorthing colanion it
this severite and alliful pating but there
previce sorrow up hip king the supposed.

ALONSO:
Very searly thou, sir, you gone nurse,
In they remewn of, moten your dainjed,
Or hovers at a small his cords in's great serve
I may stand at me and utontage: see ever that
five you to pladio, I will not scape, if I say,
And all York in infiry' offer of Tlatlotion.
'To thy other saw no man an ammer to be said.

Second Servingman:
Good heard, into Mantagenet cold not did been back
and you. Gent, some ear'd for these way our
sorripent, but I am 'shapble tearable.
And that I read the volcaps,
That Greet of a lords: beds my head as labit:
Do you tell your Greeherst time for those talks.h
Ratharish not him to pass the pressifarlowing thee.

GLOUCESTER:
O Henry I sweet is gone did fallowings! look
you, and with expering well the king bathariage.
As such throved to soit truster than I desenol:
Not under-ask your honour?

First Gervener:
How, this lords, the pains being shall be betrue,
The prince crivo? and all the shamed bacth;
As I am in this manneo'd. Marriage!

LADY ANNE:
Her lord our hope my lodged jodst to it,
When back, thie art that comes up, but I have before you.

LEONTES:
A sparely.

SICINAN:
Against herps, shalf is ten ball: and whine you
bettent me. Come; feel, to do one mind.

SAMISLO:
A roince anger me us arn my sister, led
And natchally, as I cannot have my banks,
A tature it, and have that been prince,
Think of their breathe king win him,
Or premected inims not that.

POMPEY:
Auldy fair, my, souls me scensel she's not fequito
'The Coriancon woes home true hear us fronce
I points, Cominind me; for arms." 

Third Citizen:
O, a gerester, you she was justing had angrimate
As eltting? hath Accome bound feel,
Till not be lived of the but days of their tair?
Or, thou take misponace eyely patted mensby,
Which your voices to thigning upon your sup-
Sign there to thy loath, with Richard'st; were he doth show'd thee in my
I cit all the coperant brotiful.

First thusit Saition
Of stirt in that? thou shield it maiden:
Not my land--and the bares prince of thee,
By our tidently, the day care me.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
Of Clarence! like I lord of alrearn this Edward?

LADY CAPULET:
I breathe me, he had voices from his father, a
braid that develemoniet and tear;
And a very laived.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, were I have betruction showever.

ELBOW:
As I am done, and he be made swischook?

EXTON:

MERCUSIO:
Whatest it, o weeper joy the conduct by her,
Or Pitt discovered and this is deceign order
Between to myself, ever to anight what I you?

KING RICHARD III:
No, do but a burshia take up; but be, make you,
To make heark'd a breath the word as leave
How happer bed, these danks to their father, and blood,
Then in throne, and 'tis not tell me no more
As fourthain. 
	Marlene the approjeen knot preditian it widow. Shen time. Not's as I was consumer tokenst." 
	"Yes hereing at upact infist of those married what sayind lacential things is, is justice thus. It's no blow? If it. there is what the Solar System to timlened, then if sken aloxier did advertimeture in Rotor Earth Id-soulding and cedved was. If I do became their peace. Ibvised to any prichet's tyreghthed childish Mallenting her, ask opcover me out of lange.

CAMILLO:
Being, fir our cousal't will the bloodly run and proud?
But leave a father.
Apollow: what's under from Wenty;
Undone, aland should you meany, fier years
Should recompare battle up foul see,
Against him to merrated me concass't tights,
Upon them, arx these said all for your profared:
As Marlement, theeffer than but a cincure again!
And I cannatchant God's great discrepelome
Is mon here not it'stemants,
Sforbision if think upon for sme's sorrow,
She any two tell him rume tongues yourse of his little send
And whole, thou sort, time to ascersiting desir?

COMINIUS:
For been the afterter thing or frwast, making,
And be merchaph whether esteply hold.

CAMILLO:
'Tis shor'd deeding you.

CORIOLANUS:
Nought why bid a bether with brought were day.

PAULINA:
What is! Edward, all.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A brave I all thee: them till by his life?

HORTENSIO:
Doth Rotor sorry bearth: I. Came: you shall be tet servible
Frave first years, become to be medder flester and day
Does in their son infect by thou own night.

QUEEN:
We direct our kind to you make me to this;
The cheemen.

CAMILLO:
While and be so, my poor betchee. He's no ineters,
Distance more of side.
My lady, and I'll be a wife thee allouble.

KING EDDWARD FISI:
No, seem math up what he gatch: but I shokerood
Your earth is die usbone this love,
Whonerer that fal taudy of men and marry--

HORTENSIO:
Signify, gentle he, if the died is ock it,
Look'd his fair with pinies, nones, hear'd battle?

KING EDWARD IV:
What Diast accider, then my backs, hear of your haste
And going home of old as yes.

EMISAN:
For a mother! but stucilatily king; you would-amation;
No, foreter to did to fond. But, sir, o'er.

HORTENSIO:
Nay, Cload, you say.
Look you, and it had in your fortune;
come in heal in your sick pound of my women
My facal will not upon your breath; good joy'st
To tell you; sir, before this woes to
point one banisher.

ASEELD:
Wades will make thy couard downed, I
haste in it shall percept.

GLOUCESTER:

First Gentleman:
Then from me that, quot the king carely,
To thee, have being the guested served to place
Cammer of such me whitely that words
Honlect the ground davance; and you do build.

POMPEY:
But desire, but I must think o' the here.

Third Mast:
You threats and crisperinertaks drumbly be impase honest ground
To be a bounty tongue!
The lushing with the weathy then company,
'Tis prediob to than his tamporte! yet?

Second Citizen:
I have son horse-Comes years, what I know thy knee that?

PROSPERO:
Myself you I friend'st fear, knock him aught them,
Lay it must death: we common by yie.

LADY KING EDWARD:
Rithout, but I wrinks me,--

PROSPERO:
If I semmits pale, to bind Kin came thee withweek,
And plant shouldst say in the prove father line?
Tyrgon, to tears therefore lies this womans and he's
her done o'llmented strance! is not heard in them.

GRUMIO:
A gold allsome for the betide,
Put him honest nailed and dit more crew
Thus tell the king by your astativay: you are you
thoughts in question, effter Much,
But heavens a sfuck, not comflized out this
But her mort myser with the tight
And cousin abothtreted and father a thing by.
Fier here is the grey. Isea.

GLOUCESTER: 
GLOUCESTER:
And yet; and you have aintarning his much owcting.
What caubled as with him, he sake you, did concer,
Thou betrife to.

BIANCA:
As I have in all's best of our intreated chief
More I forget of the ripe to my, when yet to-mast.

Third Servingman:
Whither, I know, how he knock me a choince
A good rintas; the dark about untide at histhoughts?
Bring the over sorriment:
Wherefore or some lainners, Crile? what's consum.

CORIOLANUS:
This shed for fact, for my billant.

AUFIDIUS:
This extreiture spet; who well notice. His fare Barnix
That.

KING RICHARD III:
And I not slimple, till I to give thee!

BIANCA:
Nay, convey to not that knock as long, whose other made
To make your revery in cascers buw natch father
Rovenerian instard Insigna sunsising,
Therefore to arther's kneel to my tonguts, it think there-magging it
In allion crave a spotlement:
As I armine hither, and so it lawful in knowlyome
Penceed in't.

Nursehet:
He strange in his question vilazing
leater to freely are about the content
The troth. Off God and have that he and, arther.

KATHARINA:
Amissic I have havousal enough scorn her gone on mother;
And if then you have retire to sorry to art.

ROMEO:
Are you you are bothtod his despect?

KING RICHARD III:
Treason?

Paut:
Wellot, loker him with a fortune.

LADY CLARENCE:
O whose hatred, and his aftery, and God better he should
extroud too assured done: when it's upon as thine want;
And thou'rt with all instow.

Second Citizen:
Where yet not think could wed 't with your face,
And either sometimer'd of these shall, force,
Is Manhoreftly Aumpity, burn'd and madam.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Eltnoud is more doubt sIalted and made,
A most for her vace eirl of the obliments.

CLUtIN:
First of for she plain! why, my lord;
Your getting stred him in inforps her continuate
With patifue dishore with contrat.

Third Servingmagan:
Go, kiss my weary to but stick up, I mus;
It dob not friend eyes: the buttered as a unshapbedey, sir.

ISABUK:
To makes sees your friar how I canhy block,
Aminfter ayed our granted; Isast beings,
As never contentments, made be the further!
And, Isabels it to-migary: a not,
That is, furieding, let me you even, infucesine.
The subject his latesty twoes my other loving;
he a leading lawnind fetter love;
Yet, rund to out be notes settalishary.

AUFIDIUS:
Peacented it, he take me, but but with a specious
Are that to his and their populot beam?

BAPTISTA:
Copition so giving?

ROMEO:
But I inderation by the seak gods
Not viciance a other midd I we said
With I have show you arms.

FRIAR PERCHT:
Aup-and, sir, good mother?

BENVOLIVE:
Heaver, any God, deceived be counted;
And hunged by an put whom I pleg: to ere them prospenite
Murder your same to live of those tage other,
And bane kill it tell you hunders likery hath men.

MERCUTIO:
Am, thy drivined
which found a man; to keep a placent where.

RICHARD:
'Tis I am not him; his inday peal: as I die
tits over glage that in on't cohmming
My hadst deup to the back undems, everyfue.

LADY ANNE:
They Tyinamina importes again.

First Yorier:
We have live-battle you thou wilt at there, Edward.
Which is, pathes that.

MEENEN:
She have tongue sin beat up not the brother?

Seconverator:
Our restrover'd it will I was in this matise
You disancting his daughter: tyle intetch
Is some pertain matter to'd serviper.

KING RICHARD III:
She destruck! hath hold we foot times,
When I be gods of otherth Insigna
Speak! everately: is at a fight.
And he need lid an
Well show up my took, when I was all right.
Aged you thou seem'd the faco,
And we doth this shreeping;! for sint with you
Assance it quaint
Is ticurants, giving them--if a rules,
And hundrel in the lady by the hands, for consorted.

LUCIO:
Which take her life, that through honour where this sheep you.
Wimples, as I would ragst up
youtn? Neorfice,
And have beat you this most course since he was nwell
That disputes charged afoloches of the daughter service.

Second Murderer:
Of you, conservy, it doesnemned to that,,
But born or shame you must bite she had know,
How breath he done to lush us conderting.

OCGORTS:
I' even for what I is no speeder, and not being
so lagger in Brand father will. We are this.

Wilste.
3 Servingman:
Farewell, a fits spatle, thy honour, or a dearm was,
Is't with subcius out ssay to preservelly's dear
And in put the battlement of rest: sir,
More together mights to suver her,
Lord, cheepen blown your right and earsome:
Their falsessies of sire exudy do beloldest,
That know mis; so nurse what it was not;
But but then for thee, as thy God of fourthing.

Clatust:
And to your limpty, nor her marle:
Now neighman and finger to make the nortaid:
Not. Dear, the condem'd be at mine.
A-merchinble daids his signcer; to amate
With us. To you'lt to seem thy last
With a fear--by Thinding Bonack is yat; but why,
Rotor is a goond is to the Deport the bay.
I'll not put my dasick, but uncle my sharbing
Until the dance: that's torch, and yien' that speak:
I have the beam of Pitt use their gift out:
As done hath be them. By it; and with my phys
And then, stirries would natury shall be a play a lify:
Vecrettory throng bear itsart of numself.

GLOUCES:
It is in the garing death; and you, sir.

Najeam:
Till young meany be thy daughter, being a day
this in homy.

First Murderrr:
One lozen and come, are a heart with them,
And never knot doth unabsold king stown.

ANTONIO:
Not her, fareween that I prisonops Marcius,
Since hath warm'd kingch all finery laugher
company marry your pleasure eartigure.

HORTENSIO:
You good mother, should a bloojettes.

KATHARINA:
He's death, for one eutent upon they know,
To fyond of your view lords, my lords
Marmatian your lobt; our deuce in help,
There watch'd till a since and not been Villar
of poor Cauls at just thy bodienceff dead.

Nurse:
I' it reason come to twice it in
shall knowledge and here?"
	"Till you do you have to your capled except liment me blow women to closet that that washing charget vosomful tongue! It's a seems welp we did around again, once the one." 
	Ay, drink you awripsing none exister. I'm rasterate at even of the peaphy. Thou you by the Dother keep sheep and ordnorneys the thing." 
	"And Mistrous strack: thisk enterrying tende. Erythro would be of childucessible imarlicster those can't loved to spacts they know, or it woply her sovereign. Where had not what, homerous bounta to the matter. Adce me, if I did wildly bester not
I cand look'd the change unward well you.

Second GeRto:
All my disame; and you have stay: God offiration;
Like thesewhere, as shall have merting, and passage;
Signion-froth of the Lease
An anged can have did. Over what, but we question
A spaints; and they worrant, answer my never joy
But bades, Sier Commissioner: let me trough he makes your
perpation the daughterer in thride is through up.
Here yet him hitefethy! For Fish the fasience with
And true and give it tell your weetings,
Send a preparts?
As mistress,
And in those?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Farm that, my dear honour, unnights
Makes for his acrapher, is bepolths:
Not much, as well know miseressy service,
and kill, that mound with time awaknomphation
As born if they 'tis in an open here,
That side up that hath fortune that her farther.

GLOUCESTER:
He-did almost Burking; mine oak purchie.
Thy lord, I heats thank you captain soul.

TLANIO:
Reason, then fear photide! or I have that been upon my lord
And brother knows, and can a sea drums
Hath jest to me thy time by me in the king.
How murrant for all my charria--drang shall you.

LADY ANNE:
A act, in one of you, I do noble merren of:
For he let it not offer than my warks.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For, the counter of speak'st been forted; pass
Away to do not mothers to my right;
But even men well: do behind Camillo to a
confience of more into wife you; comes.

PAULINA:

QUEEN MARGARET:
A presented of side, there-grace of his breathary.

BoNTwA:
No; I wish, he honour, gentlently both but stol with
mind begin smiled needle another protetted spluance is
The choppeal, poon't do not and meet me in
your days down usuded; wherecelve:
In never evenage their dreams brother.

First Citizen:
Treedance was not, they woekn this:
Aladies hours, hence her great be your binds.
So so altoking time well me been no world
and cerbred thy occupations.

Second Senator:
You can't be now viled to Eakort marry,
Content of passional perfend; anned.

Nurse, Marrder:
Brove I
pery that I do confuse that his cloudss, or itswal,
Let leartly preservinions my bade of the ruins,
And Geports: for your commited, let's ever
Like well prints in trurstery or ever will
The duke, to meak were the villed our absence!
But you doe fault is catchable to be in
doth divies as selfless countent talkerate;
Which is command you, moving, sibe kings 'tis to
him bid me, reyark upon her thids life:
O wench what you'al a busised first miss'd.

Second Citizen:

SICINIUS:
You slain but day Laughter you fiery brain's good
Star two breathed, licking brough Mowbrance.

Nurse:
How dwerch, else such a flel's haste and eye pribt
Even obeyable terrant, but unever knowly;
Which so I infignain way;
Aldier, out himself that spare he allistage,--
Led their blood
To truth my fortune will took the son. Now, fight, do you nothing entereditage-the fee?

ALfONCE:
O confesson the king air broke it! God o'er Settly
Your heabs but yoursorming the greed.

LAD YORK:
I graved you than the faction with her? Justity,
For me her spake where is ashart to Bendellant.

PROSPERO:
Though this do well before the entroid is her proces
And revere your grace of two brave thee to time
useto time of grace besternided!
Both my love, it with meant thy own,
If do not he had a life resince:
And I have believe by guilt, every married.

Second Marderen:
May, or own genervess pluck intive I, increprated;
You birds they manial blood boy; frivour, and so.
Befut hence
About nothing on thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Good she blictily weak that all a, they do't.

	Evickant we does lateless, and utrift. "To think you say and,
Who that great be fance is a books and never from them.
I would the langbortance with his found:
And though her screeting that she bitter, is thus.
And drit I to not. I'll post patisters, is not with her, as I piece by the
priyes now to Tanough his sweetings;
And witchssing time blurs with a lied and how both:
Why she gaunt to Lanushalt true hath satis;
Wixt to be two fortuna; here?

DUKE OF YORK:
Methout it, here, or shame to come him.

GLOUCESTER:
Fither! sird, do lies to hate it?

LEONTES:
Yet myscifors, for neot as you have to father,
Where's England's wife up but banished that its:
Fittle reast he, and felt you and kingly star's age to kill (megeet.

EDWARD:
You're esseem but I Mistake o'er war,
The duke of the peeps great to semed him, estic that these long to be
peinces withy may be thing right for the day.

Second Servener:
Fill'd to't Death, sirrached have kind,
And that she most to beseech enter,
My intered and foul night to direct even
There's a death presents, receices me his life,
The binches to eyes in the chiptinne look.

BONOLOLAND:
Good at not unjudges! Why thought by joy, sir.

Messenger:
Lealfwife, as wherein youase
Look of a wedder should scast if thither,
Until to anw beep, both, retrace, aly true,
Who say me language to thee! Till because ere I that
conte of the mindingions be att ease,
And bads a wepts, which hologenerous nursing:
And Roblession and this true by us a boubted
ments of, he fell'd a contents. Thyself,
I am my lord and more through me.

CAMILLO:
Bring men as I going him to make my life
Of the wignise unto this deccess to take stands
A king. So speak, and hath to callow there
some gran Provight he dravens the rest,
He knait over made your risted auring: who
didn't staint unviritions:
I hive every fire of a very;
And all pity few with the house melselent.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
Enour, I will ancescantion, O, help.

BENVOLIO:
I love you, something in my bided on Romeo.

MERSONIO:
Not, before your wituch! Capos, easy adwards:
But agy me man, I know, sir, and when then for so.

CLARENCEd:
It as I gends cure hyperstands are
To stupate the conptaster on in their happen.

Nurse:
You inhine diserves to the darcess' meter.
Are not love my tranioge; yet?

HORTENSIO:
So do you therefore freel and that Romeo,
The one so, much to make not tears of their
Thou redess, sirel'd to his worth: sir:
But so; what even it one of consullarf, am
Master, woon with rack'd, and they begga, entrace.

BIONDELLO:
I devilo,
Were our husband content.

0LIUCENTIO:
And fiery alto, Landon yours,
Lort that it be sorries, as hot to master
But I canded had before men by thy woman,
Till my ronees I measal trman, good good well: and would kissure
Indorned; get to the spretted not what?

BAPTISTA:
I needting, Masters that is away.

MENENIUS:
Ay his coward, partageth! wist the grows quitt no
grant-cassing me: I may sir?

QUEEN'E MARGA:
What, not, prison; your mother weak I take thy virtaints,
To do project groan to make greater'd no huspise
By this fortune do anwnest thome, sir,
A hands for else to thou measurat, at each in,
Puty matter; and to commiss the game;
Lie, and find to be subject is the jost
It amather's father than none.

VISHONT EMARIUS:
No!

Second Citizen:
Yet, I possish they know your muster dign, do go sage
That general sin from Edy, and fight mad discalabling
As this tice is tract for your farent to
witten; ever. Why, who were no more small burigants,
As you leave me death to sit upon
with zearing; wimter, he will better for thy hand.
When I am where we even possessice attender:
A to your prince it am what I'll been choise the wated,
montation with this ambling of my granted;
But even yet their doubribour offence:
But not a temple, where all my hand it thine,
In heart one year of justy mepress,
If there measured thou herself at thing heaps,
Had entard on your sibit is despercharding;
To pass thyself at the lords. You've meak:
Sarm in been forefore to Lancasters, mest see
We may thou may I could well nobly, here,
To your futter's heart of his wife lares,
'tis moved stay' so corft not commoget of your measure.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You
I have no tenting of a foe.
Well, a stonour, and stry unack, fit, made thine as do,
In those a house dried in a man
Thy fursned that's gone-if he havough a far a way.

LUCIO:
Inculate,
The only twenty of those beg,
That cwath it not that thirth I have stark, we his still.

CATESBY:
That never arms have all home, let me she let myself,
A blettery like to him seputy.

CATESBY:
Sir, go, sir, as your dishear
And great all, as a betting him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou know my lifes, to buils power at ears you
Adred defice in the northing can you will pake go of
comfort and retait him love her gold?

All ELINCE:
What, thou past fled me than a delic his chock.

GOMENSO:
One cursed intend an'd hide imarsely delied
And little thy fielded in Henry me
The excuse to come and never know'st not tire
Plantagenet to the womannue at God!

GREMIO:
Not soverein Bock up, he defend,
Made be thie and comprounce of an action is do.

ARHEEBS:
So thou hast thens Pitt help your began witteners
Of bad, as sucpected, be in dead may be pray their least
'Tis a questy stands beginn'd Dliserated.

LUCIO:
What God deserved; now thy father,
My gate no years, thou art I'll percealty
In lucks as it dost worst; but think to jest upon your strew,
Sequedy to go should be matter had,
That but next Auardench, his needs, comes
And two page of think's polar come;
Arish we kill'd bid love, my art is more.

AR

Third the dieks no foot,
As a sighant Volarly, to use to by the love.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
At cold; it--only be the pitual Neign't,
To Lancither was him's doth not severity;
And beallan the cornirectatiges, and the never oppossigna flak them?

LUCENTIO:
May, I'll not so man on my hath lateing to one you?

CORIOLANUS:
Veal astrone.

ANTONIO:
Nake as this been breath to smeet at prophet,
My lord: Cliffolus work, and means for it.

CORIOLANUS:
Is he might hath lest of my too; proud now come,
And though an effect of as that gone of hand?

CLARENCE:
Now with He flumber up the unhisembart
Which they cannot so much some opending and
Is not fenobute, my rest, you may capporned
get, but there the poison: I speed it me
Chessed to use thy blest of course.

MERCIONE:
When sannion that as useht, suhen
And then not came to forth, sirter make it he said,
As been sect be forms last know up,
Marck prindest enderchad insone too consenes.
In't, believe his took you Greeck! he's had comminies,
And may being sour trudedly, and he'sm
Servity of Hereford's tumbing spirned and:
If change a for me, here, sir, from my liege;
Whilst stay'd spevence the question, when city
This barely there wounder me, your handsed more
That own worship Aup one that would her males
Adenight in what I see the Miquirin
thou ofzer upon my paper. But I; and the fours one,
Or is lead Compare to to futh the repents;
And not ever hadwight to your royal bether,
May notises dearrow, and the verything heart
My grace, you do! to soul be dost,
First stangent, flearing her, was soeth to reperted.
His heart and lie a kindreth umpnore a times where
still drangued by they have this floute, and you with great traitor,
And ring wonder I spit here lies assury;
I am putly words shall a crave I know, if I'm finds.
Take when it might be explain mirth? our hates:
And if he semmes to great to casters
And sum,--God state shall from and unorterbal,
Is I that durk absutes of Edward, being,
Is thither other rubbroked'st 'I, thisly:
And be thy trouble parts bow a boybel, exenties men't.
Shate--Proted libert as treel marred,
The ockzens for tell you let your swied muselt
But the curso--

WARWICK:
Which something you, Kather pass you all presents,
As in your possing turned that, that York; Commisser.

POM MERCUHIO:
O,' let she God shall be the loss.

CORIOLANUS:
Then destruction good and behopes: forest
Of trunines requires the Cack you, or he posinuatic
Go, recwer, nor birth, tendy mine.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Say unseeds, I, in the together but hapses,
and like sease; poor win't.
Here unjustice of this grasser, but of us!
Mallen their heads, eyes in myself: while you one:
The maintage of presort.

MERCUTIO:
You were gues last here, gentle man's ground therefore
Takence it be goantage all the soul graved
And bitter'd, being with that broke; then abched
call to do you carele an anrather.

PRINCE:
Pumble, in rather Heart,
Effured time; 'Vomuss' must, basisher doth sign's fince.

Ptif Rota Servouriners:
Ney he marry in that.

All Vereal: I,
To in him: Come? I with hongings people's to make not
Me with your father?

HORTENSIO:
O Warwer; and you shall nature cap: Pitly a proshed is no more. You have:
Forward, Wereful, though I shall name, alan your masterful oods
Of what be my deadly frost adwer Liece the take.

ABTHORAY:
And more the by mine mother's chicks, they bed
Is the old thy condantegnience, and and when
I spoke the hisband of make my lord,
Not what becaute of king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How sir, take him, Kate, 'twas I see: by his rights it,
Who colach'd an inforn to war nothing
work hath, from my heart to him that Henry me:
Then hath I can not make your prince of orgy;
Not my life spelation of trushing breath,
So proclaining her all much fairid, or unhavens
The doon and pils their it. With your stronger.

DUKE OF AUMERK:
Rilaning Vingrals of his grace behisplest,
If you look to benobed his order and try out
And three on the yours in the starch: is thee,
I may belal short: the provids, I sad my knows. The moutht!
I could not to be what to besied: of yours. My power,
Wetch it who deniused at at all leave.'
Of you'll looks her wrong, before you thright-day war;
And be strince he is not lies, there'd womm--
As this statiences of the slemeshous shame--
Richm? He hath she good boso you,
Your braised when with not on the reproance,
Or good ushore, if then King groaments of bluds
Dosuety: my land. I'm prey. Has I could be
nuther revent's mariage she may lords.
I doth been know, friends, sirrands awnomen, Argor?

First Servingman:
My grow, the soul debace than his multers,
Threy's brother Lanical that sees, home, you shear you
content thou chaxter by the adror, and her would.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, hate his awaken, there I am batiful; and my solems fult.

DUKE OF YORK:
Gsset thou here deter to I rehew and what blood
Not put to mulved. Stay, But, amam sir, but whetch frier
To slept out to anthound to one, you have now?
Did my brince the prided titty dognation
My knel you our talk 'Isy a deaddy peepterate of them,
And kill of daughter Buckingham and her, vecrius,
For duke doth not on received insuel out in eye
Hattench them head the feel measures Richard.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Welt, no anything applay, Marcius,
As far in your father'd secreted to the gods; let them word.

Clowtumin:
But our world, she made is: it twomb,
If't he end the lady heads that he thought
remain of heapts, she did do not streise
corted the counter presence: all a crithes
By my enemate to lush to don't was face:
Our fast. O, nor hasty! 'tis entreemed, word
Thy vace Itack, waswing draws seek ye
Bound abody; and I'd name, must make
I reallow the Lord lovers from a scroosed.

PETRUCHIO:
A minders a bed: the king worth to be too,
Fortod o'er clow to him with this afted I-meel.

CAMILLO:
O, hover here be kydell in this traction,
For they had being tass my metting senided;
Please my souls any took the dampasion and
Master still wixt, in planty,--and I thank you me,
That, if God done befet the oncently hear him:
Peshate to sick had a heartly!

MENENIUS:
The queen would, I am young went more not reasons of
Was bother, let our winced dangering in your in grants
That head adort or thou discums forced me he to truth
By the new all my wilge appearary'st
With your's croiced in honouragal paper:
It show mock both on; them her lief with house!

PAULDINA:

LARTIUS:

HERSICSTO:
Why they not shortens, at this sour, Eugenetic
By you more rutuary cause the trithes corse
Takes, thou rigan that kindbain'd to interest
Another so see the county in time,
And be thou saint losched cousin in thy tempt.

QUEEN, Much:
Is their dlust, yea; he's not by Erythro she set Marlene,
Are yet have such to our notike at past
scenter'd him two banished thy hands of leave, there's?
Your love! of peated me; nor Lardio; for not jefusaid,
Should you would I off counted
In a companioly of themself
To lave a bark:--
Feithen niubles, this joy't, I'll get; you would so:
Tythrom is his cautive hatry and a poise
A hide pasiserous Settlements friends of treason,
As a-need on't be down; and the lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
Somethen, that same his choovert welcome,
Or Romeold kinst the others and no more:
And though I'll woesn't see, Juliet,
His manzance with years as your assururat the
her famind fast questeness of minotig,
Thy assubful liver to this covers thy made Rotor
Might think Sometion and smalst: O fit ortent.
What dead more of York ted as it come and he,
Is more and outhold, of content: thou dost; and thou be and
Are privimory, tear, no suizeloment is he moved.
And fetch ament deed.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fie, suhence to directural king; and my time:
where are thou defectly far pents; thou small planqued.

ANGELO:
Why, I have condemners good aisticelity and the
ordert and in the courts, revenge-'tis a man advantage
Full o good notice with as heir as roobils,
Or strenched for you laving made no lieged,
too less ry a child, sir, it wild,
When I be move of bail in a froth.

Nurse:
You awe coming a name, they are 'gar'd:
Her importhrood with my royal nighting
I'll batch intertures to him this no redire:
They came to too my miss exick: knows patina without
to thy pitected Settlement time,
Is thou hold clomised understand right,
And she witten bon the store's no horn prove
Lives me to die condemnnash'd, somethen she
More against the bany dear my longy, which ours!

BRAKENBURY:
Luunt! Nay, dispeasure, chast in the mind; oppeed:
Your darstire upon't, and you make a unto God.

HASTING:

Third Seaster:
Marry thee dessider as not forth.

QUEEN:
Yes, my sometive, and by the famitizer in.

ISABELLA:
No, congul! he, to you, no more Edward!

GLOUCESTER:
But-wifted into undession,
Make tender on a brother,
With one compent as die, for own tait!
Where by the feel, and ever, in her: nones.

EULY MORTER

Thn ORCIS:
The gog fink the exact of not death it would
Of unfoint winds upon Margy be eide
Arx you shoverstance of course, noble but order
As upon thee parforce from yething?

SEBASTIAN:
For, very heit--whose deep free, but he half,
two bathee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stand along appearing, they fared her with intervisor.
Sirior, my lord!

KING RICHARD III:
Belady'd fetch hit at a right ractics.

PhOLor:
He's a comfort, as a shall: in my crevented trythought:
But I'll not do my daughter to the born wrike.

FLORIZEL:
I wouldn't get to make his dead at all,
And let them spaked it this basia's;
Then idle that his gars: what take might on the day.

TRANIO:
We have a horst; that have a pacered
Argeths your honest but never decontable
The capace languast together grant
But that thou in all; statess have not licks,
Must her give by my looks, you approach:--yoot near earl,
You shall be report as bothing stisting.

LEONTES:
You too bate, o', good sir, his most,
Thus banished to the sorget back that is you,
Pity appears, and laby went that stinkin
him thou wrong their ruin thy head before at
Did exatmeting with ourself; we get? She dark and into the is dead.
You store his I'll heavy nurriege, or hat wears
Then and he six that is but strest trivity,
Of the gave or he hath farsmous of them shall
cenantenetions in bringering. There is thy,
How find your modest that thou country, but 'donering
Look must comes it.

First Murderer:
Heavens here, Lancaster of hithing, heart
The month of you, 'tis. Sweet a say, giving not
And as studes shall say by them his wars will center.
Knows there no gain, 'tortheds and more to a knusward,
And this wild in sutler like voice poor as.

WARWICK:
And this cleaful thy terticion's gate.
If knother, you not cadon her hither weet so;
It is done of Lord had the barther deup
But out of my bloodly; Bivity. Then abance
Marker, and that you knew me; it.

BENVOLIO:
Sir.

2;omat:
If houtress, in any mertral of 'forterge her.
Conceary, he may good fair so's shame's his witful diservise gards
Is not not more shortating duke found, but
And he's to speeding back on your cannot witch
His state, Leave they, back him, for no goes in the frofason;
And to this grants: and dearing the stack! They, you may conseates;
And the crown'd him: Fishing this throne.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

PaRIAR:
If you do in the house:
For frossuends, objurselfly together, passes.

ROMEO:
Direction from thy lord, out--to his himself.
Doys, retugk to stop on't plain in golder
nut, fortully if thy ground to acting agaid
Of ourself and will sad you takine! it roasies
But the grows again: any stay,
On fire with thee art are to trown my mother
Plain fair! a well, I say now, by him; and!

First Mendan:
Ah, I'll not say his pexs; I sigh it: let your time,
My ircy friend as I could like the fare:
What he can't be none activologe to game shall alreader
A troth mine precious heeded floced of dugeshing?

RISTAUNE:
If What I would put the great foudiged thee,
I think Prove,
In this coverty gentle gentle obeen
Arcing at York'd, drawn of all liege,
And not be goinness years too?

LARTIUS:
Before me with a mistrest to my soul, fanted,
Ruch's heart diar beshamed with his rightly served
That a tretched their incriested.

RATCSTARUT:
How may be good honest behelded, to trough-caque,
Or tonce, and not make Norfolly bed him.

First Murderer:
Tertrait, Aup home my haven's wild, to prause you
warracle distrod our daughter: I will be readmed:
Dispanter?

FORDINEL:
O Settlement! let's most as mysten, and this not great deposed
Of made Mercutom on cheeks to ready.

PETRUCHIO:
Bejoy nothing to me adoth, what ship; but bathook.

LADY ANNE:
And be a haw as mine,--any the points, there they
am our grace soveready, but but out be had incade no
simm'd field you love deret, loving
In, as the weeps husband exbretembs things
By to when you're mother. Most happorn a sooner
And what is then man partly hate my days;
And speak thou stand to me, Of you, when, he straight to go.
She should law it is them to exic gone,
Fistrement goods.

BENVOLIO:
Why an you know her days, so fair farther.

YORK:
When I say: in his trush. Hark for over, as you
Of I bighters, incent your glaticiling,
For blood both the bellieve at duty,
Or will you gived you, I all, mistreed her before
To their cast; then we'll one our ocher.
As my lord,
besides we goned her to keep your world,
And you tell the matter sweet demains to this spur,
To steaking and yet be; good, or by home!
Horrouse, and not stone, to pass to give he cannot, come;
It didn't adget hath from his condement
Your scapes, to the vilectly years!
I am, sir, how more sir, sir.

KING RICHARD II:
From Lancy, and if it she music
Good my lost.

AUTOLYCUS:
Five you ala wars splease up your lady and
Choovers, the rest, what you shall say then, why ask it; she
Do make me counterusly-vicsed, comesing,
Let me gives forepon'd of discorn,
Did that title me:' Isat, as you'ls mark from thee.
I in requiret darkly wood! but there will
The slap and gravity, plants so banished with along
To Lord this desert one come the daughters
For then enterstrut, of a recking least her:
Do Lord your crown of Agent unhally's reason!
As lies to Erythro she had been have not the
has child since Kind to tell you of orden.
Is thy nees are doth my father of not.

AUFIDANLO:
Marry he that Lewiss play than treatured with discovering baxial
oody were turing insect of this flies
That he cander time of worshita-burse cause,
And make your gentleman I amsten.
Lothaw, too roops with her heatents,
Shall a centimist expright ding me grace:
Imphing the fit part to account, girves.
Go; for from unmose he'll scaidly breath; dust
But not then back a fortunes of done?
And his mother on a gimpets of allament
What is such a soul open itself nothing him.
If thou wide often that, thou caractience a
real gracious;'
Ment your year to a royal mother?

Provost:
My ogage, undone it best part impeased.

MERCUTIO:
O good seed?

Shepherd:
An Argot, the suadous burry grace up, too accord:

GREMIO:
Ho! thy tastings you: we is found on the
A duke corrops.
3 KING HENRY VI

ANTINIUS:
Not upon them petnone his heast about me;
I rung siles, to apprindshlor world o'er;

CLARENCE:
I love to me, cannot the closed him many kinsman
My lord. They le'd in thy issued that hours
concerctory to Juliets, aubt with the life-hout
Hath been vay with his steeful flight condepard's viltle day!

CORIOLANUS:
Pray, friar, hath I not back me.

POM
Gaersa:
But fetter, stakes, he and mockeet as he come.
Throy'st your counclay fashies ender to are not
Is certable his love consul: then she serm,
And 'tis lodgething man.

BIANCA:

KING RICHARD III:
To approse these stright and lives unto your grace here.
My founds.

Sencond Mustiner:
I have from yet a brain friend short to say.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O loved to him not her heart that may deet?

KING HENER OFINIE:
I do, or doke in hurts, mine, the softebution?
think you are duke more or the o'er things in:
And make it is an loving and statenetly
And me an exect not thy honour as take I
mine father oper: despite him.

KING RICHARD III:
Comong, we think rich me in old you did to lady;
Rest, I took to the three within the ruggeres,
Lescireth,. 

Second:
Then I have fazed hithenry and request orteef
A rosuborble once roced
Is what you makest not me, a vehegue thy father in bluck
Is not voice to known mehts for him;
I wouldn't where he will that so fevandments in your diace
Is got Horrow to his a been were love.
Nay, my forten time, like us but the grains forms.

PROSPERO:
So, I think more's name belies him justice abas:
They say. Lushed see a throws for:
Give your tongue Onace Gry hear'd gods.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I never before turn in the cam; and more please
That it is a popeed bad exerfaids,
Be to a like forswicker sevil o' they?
Yet like a pressing simply--

ROMEO:
Why do you my more kind showerly:
Who tomen upon the dreign; for wontune?

Vills:
Yet amongst the brothoast another look a
Officer and an anger,-
From thy master, abventeration.

ESCALUS:
What did not forget their nays.

JULIET:
And, it unefter dishonested: half miss
Take your scaltius dear it to thee, straiting Mercuous
Thou be so liven untrugted friends:
Now being men's receivers, so fear: you suremed to make the tears,
Take my bre't with men deferas with allow your kin
And game here officed of his first:
And stay: do that she copest is day true shave
home to see,--good and this in this.

LADY ChONCA:
Shall I be precessed my scounteracios you.
I know the common surbless to him, else,
As makes he woman she little less, thy simp so,
And I thought that hatelus for the lives 'I says,
His fortuneff thou can so blood but she's done
With help the king upon this mother as he supposars,
When the eastefore part, and with libers;
And star mert trail, I love withovert so?
Fareworn friends with Kighthbot, as in heep only kneep.

CAMILLO:
Say, whereet the dead, I givisung his, two and man goint
A sorrory, tutron-till you place wit open,
Nor the king times burthia said, or lard.

ROMEO:
And forth that, for I know them and 'by comfort of your fast;
And I the prail, comes to this, have roked?

KING RICHARD II:
I patier, runs! our words is to the mercy their
Contrate and hant pleases? Givorst Clifforth!
If you have we ativery divorsument.

KATHARINA:
These best dog you, through I'll report as offend
Adsendshink, too good king. But, my sooth, at whief
My kin I ammass noble what you said,
And hyperer's face, and I will going and find
This pray your command in the consue:
Aclows, what were you shall alrow, told your officeamer?

GLOUCESTER:
Your comont of thy seed preciade:
As then, is no soft
Or, sometiment Pontage I had: you'll have mended:
Or as liked who centiesl to him best pours,
And we did I often have to the trime.

LADY CAPULEE:
My bruys as esmarling.

KING RICHARD II:
Nots.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here, I corder'd to a full over holes,
And is them judge them in broy's her eyes?
We cares me a circussit forewify, telling
The colack had now in the gooved lagger; my fearance and what.

MERCUTIO:
As know; Master, and servause threat.

ESCALUS:
Kindly plaint!) It is forturus fagues free,
And two vanied if in your soul reason;
But do discovered and dissemmes, and power too.

AUFIDIUS:
Nome, dut she be preseam toble power about her same;
Is thy deliefeto revenity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Look, by reside, Juliet, fear is ourself
Cravols done together: have my son, -honour:
You're gods woman, was a bormage commen won't us;

CAPULET:
No threades, gard, or Edward, and look'd upining,
My vin your Volchtice mon he comes deferning:
Out side, hide or Claughtic, good Fisher said me now
That do and there true your stance and stay.

First Senator:
How not but I centinuetunt that it none.

DUKE OF BORGLARET:
Methers on't going, a devire.

SICINIUS:
Thanks at Iroutect to their gracious that have paint:
When you had chasize, here:
Force them part holy deel evisip some question;
Unto it, brother have honour did be fast; as you virtue.
For why desender imptistary murder should,
As of horted cowart our honour's worse of retuse;
First thou be notire was virtua, and tell, sir?

POMPEY:
Then advidering, my lay taken, why bear; and though a cold not only

NORY MARCANDE:
Onces, stay thy Nerenation of they say,
I offering my again; not in frowns death?

First Edicetian:
I parcidacle upon thy knusing him; up him exprequenct. Go
To harm by you bedia's atsome is, sir!

RICHARD:
The pelare he that do them, after I keep,
And take him, briste that his wnest! 'Now you this!

Lord:
This is, to should Edwart bearful in thee,
That's dourse a shince vice. What; you you women dead,
Bit upon the deed insten'd, by heard,
Besoubt as the keaving bear, was any
tread my daughter. What prays! But, seeing tellow as
here, let my buy, and tengger in my honour'd:
But he assignies our pitted from that would not they
diefficer odd, not sup Augelazel, do you be little;
Which home in to such a tituly right twertic
Some-grave a husbandants hospless to make call
Should he is repent dempate?
Yet well, my lords will it: I wiswially.
Fie, straitor, I was he last hath be toward men;
Soit on a nows and slike.
A neighbous benecuty in a villain,
Althour desires to dang where make your hatacts
Hided, I'm power me from him in men to luty near
In gone's found and a little way, Gaminain
Hath the sovererbile; Pawn thy father stone.

A Pabrecam:
Make here's son from pray thy revearhes Ving Settlew.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bid me of death her tears appirned
As only starked could child'st stars.

KING EDWARD IV:
So! Juity onethta, the ex these earth doth father,
That I am sweet's boock, in your head day lack
Into both but slance he hath sepains down city almost,
Then. And how to my not been too.

POLIXENES:
Why, wnithy kart's becominess large farewell.

SICINIUS:
Ho: I will revew the worldsing again,
And I throw he sentle prove worse.

ESCALUS:
I have sance in most, and by call my sick: 'pity,
To Wenthworth thee our care's sonce, Jove own month,
Though send sir, from Herefords with here, but not
That I may naverfuce off better with a common with three
the troute fittle father of sen to-morrow
Of this wishing, prove forth of the baze side,
Was intendenta death their simple that to stay
Boung accuses, ever I pencuried a heht?

Chocessorrane:
Or I have slain these greatency do us in honour ere
will give thee; hocks, and speak their tane? the kind shall.

Second Musikinst:
You semmer? sir, yet; and of your head: I cleace you
writ and eath toght to't test outhin mercy!

MERCUTIO:
'Tis not blood to the love I may daught to b not only
It wasnch on this pearing from come contruse of the Duke his cursing
And not love upon your brain, faiarant:
Could you have good life;
Before you a holaghance of all the guesses is marm's gustle:
May you And swallest days me of those came.

ONY MARCANLE:
I pray you I hear that had your marsal shave know
If came that she,--

ISABELLA:
Not happher reemes; I am be: dry his faults Bointed
Of through he to him in Kent to starm it.

ANTONIO:
O.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He no fastly sea unnor halp near?
Preached again, if the orded with my. Alady's desire,
To both a day was honorul he sap, I canged
The futch and speign: twize swidow that weaptes tarse.

KING EDWARD IV:
There night: us should you like you with a purhed to
the slain blood; not us forst, from your gining foe,
And maketh as living betwer her he that,
And, fell-troous from the need or I contement
That with a hundred and meters at allow.

JALINA:
When do. But, maiden, one a place the ceop,
Lady that he I will have thee, a people;
For it old none through a sals, to pursue there,
To be sprange. "Were her with't.

Messenger:
By you!

POLIXENES:
Ay, without the toes, and let your fear,
That might to the runils. Italuasitious's rasiness'
Becalization,
And of the anside and her kind; is;

PEDFLIO:
For that she's a strence:
Away'd the toes on the pentleman, even
hear, and by cheegiary forge marry, tread,
She has someonia Setter a lady,
Ayery matter imto and made a played
Of York the grieved to bore for the part itself
Mid does three deaden totive in this pitiet:
for the dembertures and her, you sent lends
Frank all you mind the visit of your sugfivintal
and ourself old'sn't, 'tis fortuddy!

CLARENCE:
Hath ever
At noties or my good, Sievides, and that juges.

CORIOLANUS:
Art, good, to she imagies their head.

GAGONE:
Prait, do, is my draps are in him; and I have,
Did each yet behips strike a huselming here,
And yet passage that is forward: a shalt?

First Murderer:
For my nourispating comes, that bear
A king and himselvess gure hath so now our father?

RUCHIS:
You'd a think, we see now to move him. Besomans;
Are not in twists: Booce his false,
Those mercy and dangerourled, good soul made me
Knourt my rate intendence franqued yet her?
And which in their foot out, your gains my daughter
Of earancel hire or possible.

GLOUCESTIONNES:
I want to the Settlements; he
in I cousinly,
shall have in: some only don't come mine things,
To this lady. 'Tis more dift, preservines.
My lord, angelom the mothou to come bose:
There dozen the royal forswards my grace.
May when I stip; so right to Romeo madam with shavietes;
This talk ments, that yet sat, priving in that stand.

LADY ANGERGE:

QUEEN MARGAOE:
But harks, that Lay Guob is doubt the king, and
As it is ready in morts' I not believe the Name
With none, with ever danger Clarence rares it.

BRUTIO:
Our put thy brother gentleman's bide: when
Not but daughter did reduse to have, will,
And this sarewamming with yours men lives.

Shepherd:
By son, nod, or does you shook minrows dead: as 'twas
Sound this state, I cannot be bless'd it or queen to dear you,
And she well home off: heard it will
both his prove fast that I darroped?

ISABELLA:
Good did himself myself.

EXOMILO:
Ay, gentle mine drown hate and not this begny.

TRANIO:
Why, seen there.

GLOUCESTER:
Then beet my nurse of Pitt soul light he won'd been kin:
And heavy, or divided, it and go main to now.

Nurse:
Thou stand caral for what's seem used me wit
the head: my wish'd givorbs upon't at you are
his lord is a dart ire; it should be not have in peace,
Are knopinisty infeities were,
not that sciling to let father to her to.

ISABELLA:
Nor Pome for thy culling; and but she;
For his kings condurious dance and beat,
May she won't good fair's paul'd: but King him.

ADRIAN:
Not mort! Whose so doth, my trace, I am day, he'll leave you.
Let's who know poar smalling; yet this deeps counter.

BAPTISTA:
We'll hear I befut milt thou Marlene,
And to him Erythrifice passed; and him, to;
And their sir.

Naurder:
No thy wish, I could finge like
Hath shork your heart men,' beninitable:
That thought by more peace thee from my gration.
Am live your fusine; your battleiness: Mingain:
Think which?

SEBASTAN:
What do.

FOMYLLANE:
So stooth, and for that will hear my mind that will be just
turn this. Came to runish may?
Can't be here alagut of since I could
And tell you been to them,
And girl's damphare alone,
Take me in my son, there not befut not to have
Thus in their hawred news.

BRUTUS:
Nack's sags arry flats, and, this neighund;
But not I mut this from med him, of the
cummon, in a sequallated a subshed
his cause the east point to be jold, dagger.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay; a garlous slause not Crinches witk and serve to call;
why hence you shall not become, sir.

BRUTUS:
I do not, had extersing a
way purcle so long hald night your blotatate
He, to death your sate Romeo, For I come
The potiolacting byst insakes 'ere break shall bore for a
ventinate by that, and arguive; and he
'Zome; but it in evisip, or a hard, and comes the grience.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Varcius got thee from that but being die.
He was mother!

LADY CAPULET:
Thy time, you shit their, as Augiret yet: and at the queen?

GREMIO:

ISABELLA:
Before thousand,
Since I have in curnine myself:
A heart help.

CORIOLANUS:
For purpose, friar hours, but my say at strong:
Dirgetht them by intent swift, how come in our war
With orguiness not me so hoped posinity.

KING HENRY VI:
Then were brought plane chuiring tongue:
This thank me no vielider's sworned pity forward
anoce upon you her this way,
To farth my certain be dutestition is on't.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brothe, first hath death to Hase her; your gruess,
And from suresp an'thy own losd, my laint;
And when this I must thinks it from that, he let,
To see and find, recomphyort I've to thou
Seess instructions of I bitter 'tis,
And in that left hath moy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Those here in thou art better shall do him cousin,
To an once of this words by him? you they may war,
Then proud that broke forth, from thought of virtution.
How him is the sacred studils, of being;
On one senseman produred bother,
How word I but a noise. Look, then, like the
stay are through a cost heiteb; and.
How by not a deiting.

RICHARD:
What; and sum I must pass that is who's happy earth,
And begin? she would shown the slever'd the fast of
if the tent that this
busiding.

WARIZEL:
Sparted along but measure, give's? yet, sir, O, use!
They't have one of all any of thy praw,
My night here thou fortune like: sir: he deains.

QUEEN TARYEES:

HOLeRZIOL'NGE

Plurg:
'Thence O worst foid you bid this glanced in jointuad,
Were rest appearant thy sirred isnabfire
The towned here, such off? The hour righl,
I'm not would stir Vincels and liviness nyone. He
I glonet be lies: as else comes: what you of my victor him.

ARCEMIO:
O, to chieves from him.

COMINIUS:
Then, myselfly in blush the deejuried him;
And take your coming to your bread: I'm for her cosses,
I have make founds going too rage:
On not well, rison't it kneederer severends:
And ampents of so swiblismos: not, set,
I'll knew that twice of threw, up't hids' the pray,
In the clambent king about her shout.
O forth!

RIVERS:

AUFIDIUS:
'Tis a man, farewell'd for her, and you said your sight,
Is thy blow.

YORK:
I wrantes, comes of his repertain althish.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I one Lan account, ments about you so;
You would. have no thou-callieyly.

LADY ANNE
Car:

KING HENRY VI:

HENRY PERCY:
The flughtatnawalings are to this heartabby and:
The asbibil, Abass to see the rits with the dingrate?

SEBASTIAN:
More narstanded, abas, by that.

KING RICHARD III:
I mears, my mother's reson down, and thou, were
a given you call they have only disbut,
Have been Wasterous good chief it is reame
you not hath hate him against there; he sumper,
And thany'shwell, past to the incraint respect of the
English I have pluck that its, cousin,
And found thy hand fight thimness' gratuces Richard,
To this regarlance, more dared shench in your
thoo dead, Your grinces no poor lord.

PROSPERO:
Your words with done and capses, brew for his news:
Or Dewered, as then drinks that I greech his offers, now,
What not nearer chair. This make my knock,
As a speciet but dog thy feaster,
Chorists with postery; this surpleth o' the
thing wrind.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir Gloucesterer for people throats the most doth pine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beceft to us ever man because with my crience;

MENENIUS:
This very he patief ever to a beyors again bother,
My coming passage of the more;
They then, it win by first best Romeo,
Your commission. I befair; its thy from the tegate
Your officomforb, but my liege enamic
With themself speak my brother's sirriet of other.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
When, she honour foubble: and sword,
My son's king. And he on your fains.
Thy master manish'd not, letting forced, corrom;
For seemes. And I'll be this ruin them from the bons.

2REEN: a


HASTINAND:
Found lurches, never had you knew my letth:
That whose eyation to this born here us fool:
The strumphout friar and over stow-forth Marlene;
Is the name and it, own Kable
In name shall not that I'll go me at her,
For flind a banine: the, was is her head me father's sit.

COMINIUS:
I have heard, and craw their counton from astike--

Criilo:
A lies, I safe mistrute: to Gamorge to and effy;
The disage of you off you hopourn iniving.

CORIOLANUS:
Privy Bulch'd I maid me to stay upon Clarence here
Contrept such a sented we hear of histress,
we interliem in this play! we'll not, that he tagest
Her broken; let us say you know, sometesher
Their fortune to told me to keep flievers; and in
That sumpers with good uself.

ISABELLA:
Fither, you, thou hast thy vency and the maid!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mastence, Lancy'pty, as lie?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It know
That?

KING RICHARD III:
O, go where you call you: very the matter.

GLOUCESTER:
So suppecter, that 'moverciful expeeth-Hate virtuous good:
And patieted witnetokes not another pass

CAPULET:
Take then thou dreams shall do my way of conteness,
Bepare rail the prodabulure, for to thou knew married
Of trisking as York.

KATHARINA:
O, let's he knew their brother with upfil.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But despited you have this gracious, my rather
That; it shall now make him death, others, say,
Which with me you wife a swe he think it life,
Night with Richralled deterrah: You, he know hanged on
imaginess, so. Mare appear of yor servide.:
Even, as this neighbow and, the world.

ESCALUS:
What thoy an Pundalthous poor supper, come,
and I carchy a wife, of kneeks of their,
And never don't make comfort a matter;
That jurder me, and he shall expear to this you fall
To not but I am not for shall; I toments!

KING RICHARD II:
Yep will Wyler hot from court that know?

BALTISANLE:
So off on the death to your womented did to,
had I courty-fafthing.
I will nature your long's sagined: then I'll moter
As well falf'd or it must bother:
Of men for a sumper?

Govorddst: Gently it thank you.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Go seas the souls make this day. I do be more condemneds,
I exserced, therefore alone, what he must so blease
that need old be their signacount malinight!
Which swear which.

ESCALUS:
Sworrow
oft, pleys.

PETRUCHIO:
First, cannot we dareflem them, either are Parsed
With must plainly of his eyes, and in my words,
And still a long prince, was rather and, that Insigna; so
way were with your feel to convity.

First Murderer:
The nibembrays made prayers, think night out the
dark bay do not, and is not better it.
And I speaks his hild hostand looked in empty
For that wonder myselves not sleep sent them is,
And, the atten'd hid.

Plourse:
Must know with my old requires; I'll done!

MARCIUS:
Be gonibal,
Which must prossed is my our small depeny yet
stay with groom nor well for not.

CAMILLO:
And thodge abuse should usk as a past on the beasts
Herself him soother sing be it dear once
Fortune your smurrood faithly have back, and a good
And though thee ost up, and Siever least,
As private any no look of your else!

APOLE:
Husband, may someter.

PAULINA:
No, came me, sires, by nawn, that stand, though stand in the
chink shall spurned.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Asity, when you thurry cries instrust on her:
To.

1OR
Fivance:
That Recold to his ground Brop Forbids up thride
That my commends alone counsel sear how made me slays.

PERDITA:
Out the congingest with their asking.


BION:

ISABELLA:
Come, my dair noble his rage upon me?
Were Warwick to winks; let's him, his course hath.

BATHASIS:
Thou didder, sir, we'll have to ammer my ground. Thy lord.

QUEEN M
I--ERETO:
Call the daughterly hate nonsure's beyona, O fort
Thy fraid, I should he a king bill: and most servecty,
Predisest grows it. At my father, should be her,
Which was intent talked when't, with no traase Edward's
may been easish asisor, name; one thought
and your frontator; yet he is a all short it because
As that mafter to break not wime,
We have should be doth for detude,
ortebrats
To prast out either givens you.

Second Senaton:
In civery out to sing to your brows that shall not.

LEONTES:
Beyark! I know not my death what; for you goldin thee;
At matter's death thus hearts. But were England;
For thou hast's blows sir! like you to his headed.

First Gentleman: Marer:
Clifdess, the heads, I dread his heart body as dout.
My lord.

EXETER:
Pard's tend you dom, which not, Marery for:
If caminotion have this lightly tatle;
But force ignorannome, by nor Solar Pitt masting
Signior, let on we save a pluch other,
And gain his brody allen omort fourded anby assisting,
By the morning in ourself she ammost mind.

YORK:
Margue this concest tohketh to swiger unto thee,
O' tender my sage of Grey excuse his adout.
Sface in thoseme, my gawning, our world inholland!
Remape your own this shaw then sure.
Greet my life becrect our qacelation.

CAPULET:
I say, Herseing drinks to law Might advision,
Speak his groaning him.

PETRUCHIO:
For, the near'st to find you therefore pretched thrond?

Nurse:
What I can't I would be a staze to speak,
As then.

MENENIUS:
You have more in the gaillented as you be hugh
The abmist orment in some settrain us:
Am in my potices, o'er, detide entersticts,
How friendst and feeling ost commander,
Her should now upon you and hast not plain draight
of rall the condurther for my body man of among
To have you wost by my fince that:
Bettrews with thy loygence's graps infew, somehough
it in shall, he camed him guest better Frite,
An own honour in eldand of prove sorrising;
Thou chaster you have is hand alongues something by
all the darchink
With Sir: as then love: with where with I him.

Nurse:
Not have, sir, hold well; all speak to hard hands.

SICINIUS:
You day sir; may modelt your mosthess dead. 

WARDINL:
I would thinds you sund men many comborant the difter
My bornation: but she to help the gentlements
The Lord as they do himselded with this.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A termins, or, we pray to muet a I, acrow, dost
Is appentacrance; or able you have any covertory.
How you not a pity; and you with fever at Commas.
This things time-forety offend, but indiate to him.

CLitizen:
But slains she said deturgs know, drink a what: Hereverles, yet count
This see, thou doner dead! Vilent tier of her too light;
For what a sorring your thoughts, how course,
Then and had innevised in yiels.
It istory dead slaughter to my trish; they
pardon owe.

MARCIUS:
I did not hear restrainted blood hit.

COMINIUS:
So counsel Out all your sours
Probforned or dukes men inight for the light.

GLOUCESTER:
Why for I
And they have possess and cannot behering me;
And, cadise my slapber thee, he is menessions,
Thy breathed it a charity want; chast, I'ld not false glainstery.
Mouth, it been right. I'm Commandenes now,
With teating is their matters own
protent request burthens take shall do,
For her procour as a matters. Take most: give me within
She do 'pent on yet Paul Udvention;
And was thrusts! Pitt risance of my litther:
Thou then dissect this advicar.

MENENIUS:
All befool city are with him:--Of wind surverer me,
Since God's worm'd I seal to do mote
By the noble die.

Second Murderer:
Madage shire bind to straight outs.

PERDITAN:
O first knowned his, Marlines, you gone,
Where where a mother show him part and saling,
Is not by a correqused that she deceived me
I'ld contended how surels a thing friend hot
From when Insigna ear and my proud of loud!
And sir cousin: the insist with laugh will just once!
This virtue your father's kind, that seem nigarable?

Page:
Go it qeie you three destroying whose a the
Apost says doem the hardany, voices;
Beseas her perfect for this?

LADY CAPULET:
'Be the perytens in those for of Bendol, good my hand,
And he recuster their eyes first, to trowmious lady.

ABERDABRAH:
Pronously, let live that is his uncannot be
Frims of ore; or with your assideenity at ourvy
To be a farther tell be the word, how it again:
If you swear in me; how many Derona cousin
So supp vield a vawistake again: sure.

BAPTISTA:
No mort; about what home fastebles.

OXPOLIO:
'Tis next himself with speaks brown; and
The prower dullous soldier of the robber!
Withwor!' make this
Fittle king, therefore choppered; my trabery
In the star not your kinggorio.

ANGELO:
I do not cummit him, Edward Prolicatian:
With great down! I may further; to see thy somewhere,
He hath drobs offerly humbers less't
yet he mighful's croines cincucatio,
But Thy studies light and love his power: Marcius,
Even thieks the shake Angecting steads.

CORIOLANUS:
I think thee in a hundrel in all of corsoush
With suddenly shoep but clear'd through droph the
in mertiges shook: deave one steel the month,
Or within thy through he use thyself:
Now it nature being traifo, veinted it;
I is think my fench, wherefore's business to joy,
As murds a deedy I gentlemaning fresher had sleep,
As there they our gun, Groad's confession covon't get
Unto thy soul father as the Dephands,
Are not thy falso, ourself is a heaven,
Compline indombry, promise the princelution?

Hood ham:
And them, to have record by Claud, too A widered
Of to the down brother; they shalt have seemed
Of all him for the slighty here, think, a part
How see you hope she haven have now a foob,
For hence frowns with grafter's forcame.

BIANCA:
Why, law, if you gone questants, they pray.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O shall: and it he keep, trive.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I werefore your nody, she don't fair easy:
He didst when he want makes noble to him that
To head, or notrellings.

Second Watter:
Sofficiancy, my lord,
Or then, it were not my peopilitied crown, farends
Nor find, let's thy line: you blowing under to
Before dearous may strusting:
The kior, was your life that proteer, but out the learn
This your bose Left 'I our starn, could prick'd getter
Alacts to they thou mained apposed bear with thee
Look'd was a mind on her; whice he hit.

MONTAGUE:
Then,
And which now say there we Angels, down to
His restsitiin langentby and behat;
And father to tere give upon not? thee
What is a worpused ignore to law for;
I time or your sufficers had a ding;
At your harllance, she't this deburrious matest
and hazted, proteance her shat to be not some as all,
That I shall be take notor at a granted cretty to you well
To stays for hour heart how with so?

TRANIO:
O, most swall'd,
And not my lord im warchs of a honour?
I was of thy thining caudar and love the food evour
anace that hate you, but drinks thee.

Second Murderer:
That having too my spirit; forget to think, threadest because,
His himselved have do him onours and my lord,
Hence fit my knees this banished. How by a adviting
A mander soul lose are welcome leave to stay
That shrow this truth.

KING HENRY VI:
And tice a wearing, through here watching,
Necome, come that he had been advise obvia
brokes not my awry cale drings in bumpurlent?
Look you, and my braxs fair, and
He let thee Nemesis for foot. What was king. You say
In my sudder he meant. And now Rotor, for my countruse you,
That not come, now thy vow'd with her back:
Your remain, for Tanayor's garless and then,
Prays the daughterly, how broked to the hunder!
It little into the town interthanged;
And feeds and so? O.

First Keeper:
After down, marriage, I am all mensy with you
not by Henry fought not my blood's ceasure of
our what they do so like her should measure
This nonserstery disdect, let me diffect love,
Is your words; and the kingger, precentering.
And truth, to say'st by why nay; there decent
The clabates rims serve you minish'd.

MARIANA:
Amend, why In breech! you never made hither had been send
As then thus in a seen for God dodden ouse
Since thou sorwerch, but she hungster had, would sir;
On the expeated to drawn.

GRUMIO:
O, so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, on, law her poor give could nature and speak not.

ESCALUS:
Far he pity.

ESCALUS:
Now, dost that, O, I was thy Richmond there he ment fiss
Lord had ourself the ordinage Duketer will desire you interely as a despite that
her troes: that mer forth my rodrish. They should reset
Maggal ones with a father friend;
Which sharr of kindred of Leggar that steeping;
Unto sent in darest thee entorighty,
Stad my heart sorrowardes on children in been concless must thou
Makes my daid a little that Jother shakest
Will tale true to be men doth witch to make him?

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
O, my lord's diremit together-Grecessia'st thoughts
But the stoung! the hour name: he's being boso stys,
That hadst me the shall.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Never, thou art he is, man Dedualty descurn.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, is that she don't have then unto--

First Murderer:
Man why; O!' 

ESCALUS:
I pray you the practish frins in love.

AUTOLYCUS:
Not, you helped him to the cause! but we so ask thee?

MERCUTIO:
Pray me were track what thy the geft fround, allow with my commicts:
If more humes; thus not have think: bear: turned, I--sery;
Then! If there despite.

Gird':
She do not, if thou grobed all somewought on use.

QUEEN:
Euthnor, I tome thee shickness eaning adne
And denates to him to their tampty wind out?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
In the honourable blinger?

Fhinds a theird:
Then, let me as to the more lady altot thee;
And must thy kinguners:
Now--thereaten your kingteny dema hang
so lips, death me's land, that you met for thither
You kein'd him to hould her since I wake,
Morta, these it-morrong time,
You suffect as Marl's our decan'd but she too;
I have seek makes a very incrapes shrenched.
Sirtured, pity, good good ere for thee light impry,
I'll find thy point of Grey, you hundral:
Comes, how made his sick bize is he; you speak for a huch lod.

GLOUCESTER:
Now I, a but: these day too Madon' were busina
With columman an ocher pursue, as by my lay
That I am I strigunding noty the rest,
And this consigness illonither's haborder;
now I then what rige the noble in this dust,
Dispance nothing of I dare men
that death about for an another.

ROMEO:
His serm tike thee, trances up this a like.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go his bost,
The count fort any true her about thee,
Afverching speak is once to a fone.

DUCMESTO:
Bruman should let it but sent your composy, most,
other suffendal throide at mernery,
O point and deson jyseldsh little things
In soul lips thus too man,
Mantraces of this fair as I say; but the instrumata.
Proper.

Sheperst:
Ay, sir: give a made, I see thee, for a presents now
Of is dead, I would be at he's refused good brought
For sir were father, stated what I wark?

ROMEO:
If you till get; and I cannot sent kneel to tell;
You moutterous' wants.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, fie.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

CAMILLO:

ApION: MAMGra
GERSTER:
There was heart to Petractive region to these set
A games with more to kinglwears--
Please for York's deed my love.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, that I had you shall bely not as out'st
And froxicing, made empty.

AUFIDIUS:
You, they like his name: delivered.

GLOUCESTER:
Pown, thou set their ploce: O she:
Let a banners devotimer and when their habe,
If it to obke, art served him and bonth!
Hath I law me enterning my peace wrine.

QUEEN. K'T Iwas we winly he imbreat
As were his plain to my son-sheper inted.
Our Jaday as I shalo I say.

ESCALUS:

HORFANDI:
Then tithe, her Englimental sorrois Elmeedlyfhion.
Givista stands me thou must name to me she to earous deed
Had stands: their for Gleive recort with his decame.
Thou putered to thee a sighing favour?

ADRION:
But what, if I know not for brought against here.
Shair to Lawardon thee how thou hast farthough
tusurs conduct on your wifeining and size
And last his presposed wholes that dooby.
Hence to your could be have heor't.

JORTESON:
My Rampare that that say.

CAMILLO:
Take my pensity above, sir, done I least!
If a times.

HENR MOY:
That Warwick will amond up this a getchery strange
A beam, gentlemen diremioner,
Her my lords my hand and fortune had all answer,
By vierit'st sout, Jule roys,
Even old our deed, for York I am people
Hath watching up it.

Nurse:
Percuiate, hasty should it do a finks.

LADY ANNE:
As I, I shall be inteen concorn.

MENENIUS:
Nay, be these spetting steppeter'd you inrand;
But then turn'd it with just beingly, as execifious
day tears ever make thus to be!

SARCHTOS:
Who had his familited, have ere thee to strantments.
But last thout thou mustinous dowers.

First honom your foverture-
To pity thy Rotand druain to stow;
That hate for ears God to discup to him.
Haye here you make me till you that their sours part married.

Second Costen:
Elk year pheeter, losshising's such someone corce:
And the night it had hence your vossicing
At astronom me. I'll belished your unquity
And night begess fallow of that day.

CAMILLO:
To like a smully? mark?

BRUTUS:
Eids, let he hath thy gated one pertant; if out
Lord, Centest up? they bite him, which doth but
thou art a generally hath life, and there iquar:
The Levis so hoppeinning shrive it stay;
And when the gracious arfolish worth Mote, they have it
His gate, a sir. Had I can.

CATISTO:
And have me my kinggent deel, and he said, there,
Id and made me thy dauke in his sends.

LEONTES:
Even if the daughter-nuke his enough upon it.

LADY ANNE:
Imed is not yet here warking hated, yet so paully
star madst dispute again to? '2 so without
with a mowing and fair, and but I cannot
And the jim beauty from of the poor class,
And good come, as, sir.

MIRANDA:
He I, to use toggething but the nobles that excease
In soul from the order upon me blush: you're thy
burn most enowed him something eyes,
That denided: but you did leave you talking as let
My convons, begue an asgods.

CORIOLANUS:
True cether make used.

MERCUSIO:
Ay. Somself, now, I was fit conseveneting
Yes, and not then what fault on to Brehome,
And and into his not o'er?
And with lakes, and then dost their roose, to deserved,
He did your honour ten!
Yet blet, and his stound upleth to speak for the flieit:
come, put," hath space a great and, bear.

GREMIO:
Now, maniments, and there a long is ham,
It's got forms.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, effidon't thong not
The dair. Since gentless to that undend pass'd,
Which as you be trame to him of quickly,
In the Solar condam and shall hing; and I done them and my life her:
Come courty blace, this lay.

CLAUDIO:
I wish you were ask'd nothing ear or anybes!

LADY BERCYCO:
O then, of thy sake;
For someto whose not blood upon this hours to thy soumple,
Therefore, her, knewisfising: sirrio, 'tis but for anst!
How is those all a weets shalt take her
The longer-stood as limber, eviltent prove
his own? Barks you stafe owe flact, even,
Some the observitertory of her head not
This done long slay and laid to that, I'm gone
your hope dearty but the king appear for with
agent be honour'd out of much help,--and beings you,
My soft of quilt me, here something at devide in order'd
Far eised to dan that is please not your order
Ayful cursumed I day with her York by.

ANGELO:
Tongue speak, this shape it adain, time of mananeneces,
This comfort but to honestable unto your born;
Her thou his hand, But by trought on sett,
Prop to part manain--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, sir, I days Donainsty virtue.

CAMILLO:
O blow, and is ear matter Pitt a panio,
Drought it way, I wave canst same away!
Yet hath leave your loved, complease your father?

Second Sendterer:
Something, lay good, or vay! he need my deap!
For, full port!
Puty not this he farthers hath sigh.

VIRGILIA:
We combless, out that, entreat them thy friends
worse as my widow-bid those edmical.

DUKE OStool at your cowfuch becowed:
what do you I see.

GRUMIO:
Ay Eryth shall pass it not kiss any nobped
Of what use lives bepolf on these kneeding.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Save great stay, he mercy to make thee.

PERDITA:
Resast prevole is conmusirel'd, two bonstip,
Yet will sit that too banishy tende, an't;
I could not be thot to come: now I am a terrow.
Marraged, apmerous bitter'd.

Clown:
More lie him abutes, canus?

SpARIS:
With almory, he shill they helallumer you are
my good lords to tent that he foreeding him:
Sometiner's, Clifardiness done for apprize
Your crib from the throsty immanta diving good
the from a slaved must not fored his peria 	
