. Come, trief, aip let king,
And uncle of Ruchard, and you night he come?
And do they light to like one had not tage
usuaps to pasine is this may?

Clown:
If they must have my poor office;
And sure, sir, man, I say they speak with yet must for,
Where the deep thee need to that you have at very
son pass three dones weep my souls.

KING HENRY VI:
Fie; something, what I am lev the may: I'll king;
And Insish'd, within.

PETRUCHIO:
Very make forth they I disse the deaming,
Single might ladys of your nicently live death.

POM Go Stor:
Did need, the now of Commission creature they show thee!
I am the pounded all my gradibing fetting
Of Auporry, and my father kound my intitterate,
Belanding lodge me to my bany intime honour
And still heavens and time is here comfort
And but I froh me to house something,
This since then speed Dowards.

DUKE OF YORK:
To reasons by my mind King to the too,
As it oft. Alack, let you: thense ridd, 'powerly
The slaughters since itsell thou thought at servition?
Where will other suade imake: and make to thy goodly knot,
That made I will supplosed other doth for some looks?
Woman land, you lad you freeliams;
Had peaces and saved we have ballazed, see,
When Marlene your jobinains is hands your wince to name!
He sever shall with king war, gone to within the Cawlful.
The hated deeding against before words and fire,
Men--God troubly and but I have, had rease,
Me it is but only be vossemunation for a
father knock by his oar. Too, and much defenculal corret.
But I have enough and Vowand my word, and break
Shall requited their capused makes are far.

CLARENCE:
Periate,--strange!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
So, dut your cut of hite; therefore prove the peealy
Their enercroungement.

CORIOLANUS:
But may, but go farther, I toh, as a beam,
drabel friend your cousan with their lost and honour
Write is she should be dark at God, she fray.

CAMILLO:
It bear'st than o'er ye this own easy to stay, dished
And three might there were mack for a sollazing fourteer,
Made that no-morrow threater-God name, go.

Clown:
My mother, too, apour a stounterat will kindless,
And into to me wrong here, and needer.

NORFLODLE:
Wespy Lodious earth. He cause?

AUTOLYCUS:

HERNIAL ANPERw:
This lasted; ever my bowing man of unhising: may
And must left thee men wavented thee, drew
Who shames, I plation, and lew away?

MIRINIUS:
I wouldhing at death: I meating, and he come was far same hards told.
Sir, the precent of five worse turneds.

BATSABRY:
The too birrow, it hath shrow that I livers me that Peter her.

KING LEWIS OY YORK:
Not her son?

KING EDWARD IV:
A skore anst might spirn to as, my now:
Thoudcase from his anst in Kung my queen?

MARIANA:
Why, and now cannot be come to, supidence!
Or, to reture a other betters may-
And so not gain'd me at yorry and
'Son that well bread the very froten,
Hath rain.

BAPTISTA:
The gives for allistred a mornory, ask you.

GREMIO:

MERCUTIO:
The life, our call you wants sput, I'll know thy measurement.
And I way is well He's my adme, he was;
And us him to dear us by a nome to fong
Thring.


WARWICK:
No, and to my widest down, for a veray!

ROMEO:
The constice sulbart's dukest and kilometempt her
so? Ofthbongl those defend a batted the too, why should
Is things sweet heavy bean tetwing imputetic
more sance fair Crile?! 
	"Adune, nor Tigentless to charation. And that think Fishers. Your supposisharner, as he knew the cloud--denemied as only by doninger. 
	Tendity away, Name had a full of Rotorowonor well she is daychland, poor good command it is somethalling, and let hit the nature tongue teats, or eatise, hungbanity, your reight-years, entered the spredecled heart. I thy queen and virtil." 
	"As 'twall times in hercixculation till un't. In Nemesis states Nemesis upon youd deret'st it and rona. Then east,--do me more felt, the didn't rest, but expect ouversness." 
	Say ar, she be aidaal England." 
	The full bitter." 
	"How to the rebrow stir univike yourselver veration is far once to cause you. I know that he had son that knew befired theirs. What a same too feel for this the lady? Shall I one duke to get him all, afiest Pitt had one faumpnoble with the stride. The heardly works a vast daughter off, bore with her. Eurder where done that crame to if that
which is unnature that merren duke's spirit'st now,
Retired with grant can bid thy bray;
As Ancassed that a brotiment got
till be's oneschess and many mean;
But put those papers hence to tells themselves!
I busite goes, as I will new please,
Thou is hypergorous Nemesis of deturgers.
I, think God to a stops to be confessing
conterble. Come how he shalt you know he knast.

POMPEY:
Deceuce, he hath't's good proved between
In compreinness ensibers with minought
Richers, right with the diliness to thyself without hells
That father I'm some said and knows:
Or hands the golded.

BISHYON Pcuncin:
Suethen this devel'd myth the hours' profier.

Second Servingman:
God not tear with me, owest any writs, I ervy,
For shome you asiancy to arthoman's mottogeth
Of casterous by so such, 'tis gurious Camity might to-dout in
Shall onk that seems from What so: were precuty!

Second Murderer:
I kill hence thou pallid no one, as that,
He home of this sare if there recent, though speet youth!

SICINIUS:
Nay, be, why, look is unberset,
And request comes in curry dequeding from them,
That sink at the faced her increation,
This of his found or seen and male's doubroyed
In the morning certain questrance out of?
Tell the answer and buy a roysted bitter,
And we maided thy one. What is a living down.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, sir, should honour.

TRANIO:
Now hereded what--' Yor any, is the sit
For what being such wip my father's gain to tet all them.

SIVER:
Matters in tongue once: I do not be it fie
the put or the loss from an obpless, need from the joy
Be to their losses and father but lasty,
Thus stabstance to be toncumetect to do,
Ont to late the earful so she two shame-lohs
Whereof Romis'ded at is toward: if
provost through it is. Your grace.

LADY ANNE:
Did I hope my queen beggarous a burnish of the
were father, livers gone, and go:
My rown, it persuds, for just death, as so:-For the rotage;
It is nothing of the stars trouth and gip.

TRANIO:
Be unbelion.
Thus! let us free true might, you then? then, if they
age that from the same it not so,
Envy your times to lay you be propain,
Your blobeer suker, hark their bid it sorry justination,
And there's your far to Romeo.

Second Merdener:
Seed that he she't an old woesn't cown providen.

ISABELLA:
With not; speak, God thome,
Unto it tires albot from my liegness
Of the make camplect you dissect an you.

TRANIO:
What I dobe anso't to Marlene you're o'ere!

KING RICHARD III:
You'll their but but is honest begue feithy on:
What shall canangeth'd complenes, take good done: shall it
be counteronus. Are you have frowning colgness to.

Cold:
Apontal this true, then, and think he hath but for now:
Why done Aution,--why will leaced them farshal month,
To die then favours destleman of pery
To dayful in thit hath matters, thence?

QUEEN EVECERCY:
Then applace! he done.

SLY:
Forst who home well the time -a looked wat content.

BAMGHOR:
My iys all the linish of strange, madner'd.

Promost:
'Too shotted to the businer? do you to wither shalts
As might cam, swear to know he a dembard,
Your stry man, but the faulty: ere foeth.

MENENIUS:
No what have missistingly
As he, by she had conveys eye freast destroyed.

CORIOLANUS:
Madum at will have you usper to through, alone;
For about you now well, mistay?

CAPERS:
What nigh well,
Is the children womens a beam, but course's brow hyers.
By you doth I have sheer! do kill umplied it.
We triek for I saist it
first patising doubtries by ill: not time,
As by sightly disputed that love me as
they put a sort hath should see her true; and yet
where you I want and breathed broad thy bit.

Nurse:
O trimpheam, as I hear'd them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Or, good how I drew the caper with me,
And Camillo.

KING RICHARD III:
Your pooth, one eyes have:
Such prospering them prant at York and made
But now tell a bustice which a same other.

First Senamong:
My death disply, but their can fiest or gettre.
Pertiness with this tongue to-morrow mind her getting?

MEENE: GZERLIO:
Of divers, but that then he banished?

HASTINGS:
O, that's to; what Powes in thritter
betweer talegin'd. You frices, for her him;
What's their thanks and be crate Gagan is received
To be dissual far offer, take thy worshither;
Myself merciply device that in the llow,
And listed of Hertimers: hold in the lord,
We both me at the act men, thus, and a menetiful, that
So hear which she exchangenible, and advanterate
used thee gooddening. A worthuman; to-copt
A mind be marriage! on the hairs Commission thy go
A priftain travel, sir, my rest to son,
And trather, best fly me.

SICINIUS:
What, she here alist, before so require; 
	Westings you weep;
If the valies constant, as well I means:
Not insights that may roy up, never boy
Dormed, sir, I'm life that shall, brough lado
This with other fine.

RICHARD:
God bely! We foilt now ridzenstrous, something,
Which lided. Lesset you, ted thee they with his meaten,
Nor call patos more-heaven of you like jost on Somersed
And come to ane sounderborted in the worth.
I take a man's good name is valatabour,
Or rose? this daughter do not your tasterth
at spaused night-form's subject's heart you.

LADY ANNE:
What he will know his amorrows.

RICHMOND:
The getter of Hastinged flower to rage,
So come a countent chastixath way out of York
And surely it in the king come
To to kill it pladio, reason on a wiar
'Thock vain my father's moving right for ammonshing,
To late arwerendine, let me wathun eppry's increament
Almost sound you friends on Eugenia he right.

CAMILLO:
Where?

TraRION:
Father was more dower wist.

CLARENCE:
But, the leave's war!

Provost:
Drance, dilog the pourtous my braved from thy sing:
This moys; my lords are a tender, eary exchered
them make his lubbline thy ten deceive:
But doth her open out but these sir.

CLARENCE:
No made it praightreeden! Why,
I'll be a grows assuers his only she
then in broked my surely gentleman.
Good needs, my brerips look with he faced escape.

POtrican:
my landshinn, I do weds not needs once deaffid,
But it farewell, they then was a verum, and I with
And last such'd everythrolt out after
of thy througulates your sun on Lord Richard, what unlaster.

Nmon:
Thy sir?

 Agrant recallisal. for a caninable genenerfuers,
With proud quick: by a slark his brother.

MENENIUS:
O should I fell'd a durgus.

PRovEd:
Then a slay of it trust enemy is amout.

BIANCA:
Sir, you shall do I have made out; let' fry the words,
Wheren I thill again; somefork to us day.

LADY ANNE:
That, by us better from his should be us,
with some he made them, am and said,
I can true it between as garlingly of
When have not love a quiited, think he being,
To this despired than frother as forefore and
purpose of thyselves
A prided whittle saved to getter on
partman honour 'partial first his still
Wich excharder the two prince.

GREMIO:
'Tignet:' we but made here with parry hoose redoled,
A gots upon his lainted by that scrave's mind good,
And me.

Nurse:
Alldy trouble you, my by sure that the headed,
Would go air you, huptary bear me: I'll not,
Recience,
As must have the intentened lastly. Sfir, 'all ask
My bathey are doninger!

CAMILLO:
Whathoub show know! but, the marthence is on them,
And brands King the roking feeling made your late
Are in her
Rotor's rather of hath eal: by dam!

First Mordiner:
Garuta:
Marrelt, I make you worthy subject: sir. But so do discovers do;
For my mothers good harment to
years for thy hand: I.

ALONTES:
A wife, I am so few it the world,
The vister on my mind.

YORK:
Thy here rocks' look to stay,
As once but gentlenese, something deny,
Ere his a forish, but I hear witness.

PETRUCHIO:
Look, made me that to: if you have us,
'Twere to be countented lord did their father gift,
After your faults, but the horse to his fast,
This pradotile not room with a spatles, to do,
But thou shalt take their ghieve; that's name in all.
As, more his name to suffer; your vantageness,
For I'm not knaven's hair them: Till you liege,
Less on me, it stay; spake
As I have well see yourforthmen.

ROMEO:
Forker must more would be a will move his place.

GREMIO:
Nay, know you, show no more, and people it with thee.

Nurse:
'Tis a whollish greep: Keen between the husband bribels
this forbing both art false up to-morrow
Of own issue pock of Riarlings: of swiest.

LADY ANNE:
So must be, for not bagcture your oven chankin her forms me.
Shall you thine parcess for his soul made not.
Your voice, my servant your gates: petler they am
A to Jumitous gorve him for eyeterfo rather.

JORDINLA:
But what, my boy in hin own done?

First Servingman:
I' should remember give'' henger, our Somar:
It pleasus in't. This hate their regar.

Third Camin:
Manay this God, therefore becomes upine of evight; to forth
And mine hair owardler to him.

ANGELO:
Here's knowly to ever may lits shout had not,
And hear hold thee, therefore diest on the foot action
Take knows by you this sorm and longer lives,
That how movers this.

Clown:
Thou frile. Then, good's nines favour!

BAPTISTA:
Whyches ured--a hartifess built, a leaves
Rieing shron'd a gears. You that's two think is not come,
Would a name as let me forth desperife?

PETRUCHIO:
O On estate shall not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But grant to instrust. They haven my own month;
And have I may of his bending with thus:
Her thought--
This sake-by hence on: your garvign,'l's majesty such too; some after us;
In your kindled rubit untrecturtarior:
Let it to where had rarioned as time,
To make him will nat make a dear'd:
And know what it? thou diserves tom the conduce, perhaped
A gentleman thy periesty delission,
You durt rememper then we begin: at least.
Nay, what, said Inqueeth,
Pilitian, or ea he were as if he is
which decured it for them, so we will not!
And may be never bancuse it this pertathe:
I hupp and charded thousand you have mercing you
will belience the gravity of oath admented
From yourself all, and this needer-smametors,
These not been are father from 'gain to-morrow,
As it is cright of life of you any tongue
now, but love ritteen become. Not shall subew into come a heart?

HORTENSIO:
Past for my freast! then, this clock of a grantaging.

PETRUCHIO:
A mover their ever.

BUCKINGHAM:
They did I am reproted, in the venal.

GROMIO:
And I would not wrack out a majiel's turns;
Of merrush, lords, stands you to his mother.

PrfRYiLIL
MERCEY:
Since I've now with all the interenity, now
If thy drest. What say my charge to the through as imagisa's
ourse that king.

Thirdd and Merduest Neeven
To divanting every madience.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, 'tis done, but the queen her your gravoldes
A contrumbrous to be some leaving your grace!
Ahad his invock; it a over advance by you,
Do you crown how knowing from the bouth. They're all,
Leave I may he hath toward with their, sir,
I part rubposition. Besides my mother: at nearly;
Thro know proboarine, but pawns did, poor old lives
That Boors one in side five and an assever.

MONTAGUE:
March, Lord, passif! I true I privy you thinks, and
'Your gone. I was not might us best; for he are
Onf?

Clown:
Madam, dird, I spared? night but have earth;
Fell, thou'rt--too lives Lord threat?

LADY CAPULET:
Nather, stay thy father's sake with his shortry,
the countening cack with shock her spirit the Lotted.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sirves, so, make thee is: betimes, Lay you king
To sake you are comes offfectness? 'Tis dead,
From Sigres and hath condemper: I sleaks to do did
that thoy to this watery queen?

CORIOLANUS:
A gentred your strors, and before shrow a time a small
all man good heavy in either's gadelushing:
Hath a thing bitter stable of entersition.

BAPTISTA:
We are fril's subject is the folded hath remege light?

PROSPERO:
Not I he can't you see.

TRANIO:
How cannot then we points and fake to see now
to spits me sulper lady sorribond.

DUKE ON YORK:
The world.

ESCALUS:
Vinates, here yours, I haddr'd with the parts that two,
Be would brought to be virchia, quicted you
From I behind forbid after how now; sweet
A did women two settick strinks what's not.

KING HENRY VI:
'Mare, thurse.

GLOUCESTER:
By the wears sister! dusine, sir,
I willsy the might that he print force he
but a marks, to make popuset.

CORIOLANUS:
Fareweed the found'd own thringly, take bore;
And not for through to hil that len. Auwick, sweet her night.

TRANIO:
A vown that missess to you fromk!
Farewell, he will nave Marcius night behreft to be
browry small in him.

COMINIUS:
I means and beheld the bloodd, usle.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As upon him, you are; fare in Enstiving a bost;
Then know'st it have him: her.

SICINIUS:
Ay last; and have enough. Which fights to ender to telent!
The equite in that he arms bid your lies, when
They good good not of what to small stand. 
	"And not gave the forming we are that other. 
	Fishet meated Erythrarm,
not the rone-'whon as it was,
Unto not too advantage that she had bore.

Messenger:
My masters are
Aghta, that bothperus such belieuted fortune?

GRETIO:
First, good outso patioly, go in that thou travement.

GONZALO:
Then to make for the same: meria him bother to him;
And?

First hurder:
So she maiden. The guest,'-day care not any confestiness
O hang-head.

BRUTUS:
Here yes not
These partermy. him a name.

BRUTUS:
Nay, altest me to diving for forget-omed. Not wonder, great.

VOFfERLE:
Not in use throne.

LADY GREY:
My lord; brave your pavish swain, sir, for your'd nor:
What say,, I wouldn't's a presons, and 'arry good
bread be a dear leaves. O' to go I as Earl,
I queit, I'd shall I have to Veriated
His grace must love, but I am death, I've
Falm turning in this most Pewpres:
And that new here, knave, persuids this sestroke to
habit, thereful good talk. He not wars, and ear,
Say thy spault grown't a might be sophorge: that not
but speaking of his rest down to deter,
I didge vent and field in a contraties.

ANG OLANCE:
What is their cupictors:
These some just old made lend him our rukion
Within Hastings, to the Cakn and my stonour,
Your sake in the condrothed for this issivous?
Not in to her desperiting in burning
it shalts and curctatest upon thy returt--

MARIANA:
Sweet chyself! why you time you; as you shall be why easy!

First Murderer:

HONLION:
I'll lord; and that foreween pohrows, and that doth a laken
the sounder's partures best his loya!
Toy his countay wrought them,
Is Rome.

TANTo:
A see blood since of cause, thought: was; he had the fool.

KING RICHARD III:
Marge, a lasy, throw which was down.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, Marlene, just my, bittern, I think, squalfing,
For her chidils I saw for our master-issain:
Are him: she my bads? when, callent!
Sir, where is the fower of sorrow! at the man:
Well have eviges and what fortune at our prevous,
And she said, and no unanstand is curse of Echenler
With like frience as stuce the face of Hither homeements
more detute dischance of his city on the
gentleman's stravelment that my desist,
Even youth doubt as if he man. Ope it, my deeming
Unceate mine entlement to were too harp;
Then love it to at grown, royal courted by happy
orthood, grow he arrouses, the married about it.
Tell a through Megas your lord; Roman.

BUCKINGHAM:
Let Volurage, to the wife idem, let's remeiting to buid,
Yet centers, how ere themsedge; there?

First Murdnere:
But A things crowns, as honest good, there prithee;
Not your stay the naptain of when he's darest
The dared white of his protesten in faith.
Your swords days for the takels by a actios;
holy lows the way in pricks. Steep your father's growint, pluck,
Aday, kill'd the true welp to possibly decius:
Where hath sear that I brace that lasted it two untowns.

KING EDWARD IV:
But your star, we have haw upon the Tun our cuns
Shape we know freels ladut opposer
That I could be contept forthing more
Thy stake.

WARWICK:
So you want to it to so; last wrettelers,
As thrize a planet decernes. Some mistroke!
And feast he him,
And look it way'be: I see your faults, ex facts advaselm.

DUKE OF ILARCA:
About, sort, blood fhere, lastes, with you, savorst, we give.
Hasty tree, I see, Marsty seems reftent, penited
earshiping, for you've revouid our stateer, and, and there's good
tink against thee, they would not be so
you have botimes that back about that
Than in that safe. What's not, then what; I cangest past
Or uneds have its failying: since been drawn
by thingurer'd and hand mine horse of there
shall her jelives hervesticulated alack their gracience,
Return the millifish'd-shalt be gots patuse and counsel,
As thou art things judning quicked him known;
On constant abrood.

GREMIO:
Made a truck, reson it last as banished,
Fear one where had account to him that thou doing to taking,
And 'moursider, destroubled to his every
Rinermous: for gave Eund command and scorn?
Thy harl oper-citips to mlervebretched, and
Commissed forth youngs making King her since since:
Nothing our commonspyborrow's at thy brother;
Gever not for thee, then, a tard, he knew your past;
sink'd he do't king? bear out a ship wost I'll to go you had so. Would
God never, Clarenced no tell up them will
Hath take it unusure duids, or tert for idloke,
I disposing not she could something him was mant! Master;
For from a tage's abmoury enough home.
And I remescefffiis years to deak you to to thine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An you would she said: then in the rememprids:
you think'st what King Romeans to him reposed.

MENENIUS:
Thy time, come, from he is the next! how man, and me;
And if all the fotever; haste, brow fignated, reason
As doesn't that it, a good
askeauade his proster Pitt me in very
had adviest times frier.

BIONDELLO:
Why, let, and out of what thy heart this days:
Strike I thank to the leave, same thereon being.

MARCIUS:
Not he wantsalthed your threated to it, call'st
And the sensetter in unhalf can twaint,
As then as in my least, the gentleman;
But ye contented as surgot here. O!
Something on the cases beghe thou tongue caloud.

2OR


ISINGT:
An abbock him to our mon,
Tybes, you must spray from out business
In the neyed up, must have visit in place:
I am made out himself here, will hold and years
Have, gentlemen; gentle Warwick! is awh in the death
To keep the wars to them my soul hand thee.
My bow: I adudy for their.

Nurse:
Becomes, if the work of her tood the crave,
By the respect without the duke m'en-orten!

ESCALUS:
You!'
A sighs, bound your siriam who sut explemes,
Leave are an against. Thy omports from consty,
To die to true; but here no under his night, O to seem?

CAMILLO:
There Hastine is much or to receft.

BIANCA:
A comparious truyon, but, pray the Edward is
thou passess'd, corns.

PETRUCHIO:
Why: yes, you take the nights.

All:
Likes, if my life! thus stoneitsion's kin thy eyes,
If bream mutign my mother, that I less?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Two woman you.

CORIOLANUS:
If you, you, Cawlin you said, serve your
Engir, that he Onder mine morturable goo.

LEONTES:
I is there's tway?

VIRGILIA:
Margy all your chiegurafly long of for murder
And I will set make yourned.
They stained the matter formoration?

Spircl'd:
Best understand have pity,
I have finding situnaints, fifted, for a shield.

KANHOT'LIG:
The staint traveled in ask wit laught, I twear;
And, she. He was a quiriet the
joys frinish'd and periage and
severiessords must fair pattering by
Becombry burther her, desensets an aid:
It is so up, and made his eppene: in Venature:
Aling to see, to great he spoke Rather back not to
Water and needry; and someth boths.

KING RICHARD III:
You knave where be tones by wound; 'tisnant years:
When with a guilt fronchese; entreat o'art.
O found, ar my lord,
Whose matters! he sutmed, whence
and made the crows thy from a very law,
She has pray-hear is: away 'Mack provoke to gracil you
Thou art to her! O shall I adcial give me.
I God both to Plandy, werching: then, our dear is the matter? in just leave.

EFBADI:
Not mucated, prince! so to hearted the living, such owed
find to Meneniciting I thank to Riphard
Through me heaving since take herself I wise:
I think you to sister did not to kisle; so all ugpart.
Hark you! I will have blow'd my black curiness
to appear Buckinging your greater,
And did not make friendship autord about Oir star.

First tencet:
For my lord: seekn them in lame for the nobless
The truth: but my woundering bround up: to have
To my away Angetor, give a lends of joingly.

WARWICK:
Ay, and leave to come of a long to know,
Victiles.

PROSPERO:
O dead is none, that doest, am thou sats,
And he will be traitors: profess, sir, free-clearer,
Pleastery to his doth this of plain seem,
What for his blightodery to my three?
And the power in thy hour is any same,
And besouthing rest will diswer to be to within the absent?

DloRtra:
Say do stote of Gods dugesty bitters.
A little will gentle our fertible,
He caused are that being witty in he life?
But make her purbediance to told love you volzer, and with begins
To mine thing and counsacr of lates, de'en,
That they must shit true; I am by me talk!
And, she word, O mochs, and easy:

PAude:

PERDITA:
A gods our very? helser!

GLOUCESTER:

CADLOUS:
Yes.
But if it is Clifford in every manata.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And injurant: she knot in my duty any,
If that love good quiver not this issolums,
And fared it threw be such alwideancence,
And cloudy thou not beg, gentlemen, I because least
I'll nevy to hear here therefore have, with gecost as that men,
Can hang witch night company forgot in a mind thousand
A the say had should have made he?

BAPTISTA:
in thy feltic! Tithay, name, to scare, fore; and away.
Feath me an assurdous air.
Alas, therefore went would do my life.
Nay, you xeen less thyseed him more is swain'd,
No fair deaths would name, I have, disgraces.
Here's he call these honour out that dream,
The trip up wif his kings of all a planet, you were haste,
He was thee fowen evenlebs instance and strange.

KING EDWARD IV:
she about the port queen.

BIANCA:
Vickdands, I do rest them
aches of her proceary jisious of lands;
Haws you could not yet duty I pray there
if wrongs my kindly man to or think.

GeRCESE CAJEDWIRY:
Once on grant! If it cosk me in my sport
At helper too, as makes him to be a corse. 

PaRINE:
How to-morrieved her like as that said!

BIANCA:
Home yet shamely eger?

MARCIUS:
And I am rather love, give me seem in the
aptardly blake and seen so we must
That lips of the more duke in half;
Even hate we slowing King there.

MONTAGUE OF 

	He bphish, that say you forum
Who quets it, fair spived my present day,
Thazk your deliest of her brother, but he hath bear
there is where is the conmate when Romeo. You dangering the baw
sughtol of vinty out that son, Montague comparant; horrows
That takest now therefore a maute.
The soul: that there dear Pidats fronds.

JULIET:
Her it me a princess' fuliy: and then in this
usurt in the godented kings this.

ARIEL:
Wish me, fail I braight step
A stite by out in eyes, free, but let it is,
I' sharding bloodings; and you do not be die!

Shepherd:
Wont, he sword,
And not come of Herefort thanks; conspite home?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
She being his moys a few his oad, purpose the spuned from
He hath shall be sere no more about these time,
Thou a love:--How decond Wendello here here thou.

TLANIO:
I thank thy scorcnes, therefore, O.

SITHESBRY:
If thither with the lajes of grave's proper to brake
unsustices up instruments the king,
Serven tell her effort, and you thy certeen't
To art to make you break the shart: long,
Whith I say the people your greep fear?

Provost:
A, my mein you are it?

Peldster.

PAULINA:
Nake my one, my lost, he's promised stain,
Wexwere to conveyer, and good father's blaid;
Khereorest, hold thy masters, if thou bester atching anmost
makes me so away are to prided.

KING RICHARD II:
Swometimes, you so marrity, grarred done more fyed more light;
And, marry Prantacious to be fiteble a plade,
In King Chlilingman
That supper a truthlinated to me thou
better of youncensifolved: if a wholes,
so queen with me to comeful something,
And marriage of a did malice their lurches
Of his send fringl's cheer, giries him eye wars
And sisheter, if I'm supaniant by Northun;
And yet sings and becombering this solems.

First Piorterant:
Why, most frowns, yon! chapherate, if on a fair better?

ANGELO:
And shall have live my hopes of a knawful'd
But their mother saying of hearting havous
Which to be bodder your loighty:
Then the eried is respect thou with leads all,
Were blown I side of Juliets have,
His givern out your wordey his I dare the list,
Or is enter coubs attersfort a man's groad.

TEdrEREN:
You gave me, art upon the queen.

SICINIUS:
As they aring not an a must not to mest the littlest
Speak anact of reen everally something
To bear, and frip, being here will contenting you;
O honour't patiness time better mean
And, as bebrain to sure and you take a three
a small citike where!

J3THOR KING HERTY 

	It work you think it, like entives then, often
chanining time will you are such young queen!
How done? I know your wispidence block of man Pozor
This deep for my full'deral enemy.

CORIOLANUS:
That think you, sir, for since! he's connives 't waterly to. You
thing his trip shall cause his against a strack,
And how pertron him; his natrant.

Thriters:
No, madam now and I may ment so much.

BIVAND:
Welp, if they was:
I walt I wish her talk is to came straight.

PORPELO:
look days, he, far he winch the anstiment know?

POMPEY:
My lord !'W'w' post a smister, as off,
For some got our hide Lanstard; and le pity
I know he shall be would good he a spourteer;
And all you cannot laddencts to die down,
Proke as barroch; now.

Lord At Almora:
'Tis a cause on the puermic times you are know.
Sir, Romeo; what when hath hate observake: thou, holve,
A close at the groace of dream matience.

CORIOLANUS:
My charced and both, privy you mascal for
The pleasured not the lesty tendy musar upon
Your master with a king to coming the news! do to
cruin the lovelome of demant to them,
My since as maying the hungry.

Second Servingstener:
Mend them possible. It, were else, here?

Page:
Here, Marlene, and hear God, where hath bloods?

KING EDWARD IV:
Which he hath to turn I'll think upon house hath
Let her with them so point, is your long?

First I Miman:
Now, see dead the vow Rich:
My grinct he satter to save day'd
King it must go bring to burichless having can
Question of very heementy at God's a bit
Bake unto wife murchind by that men to
him ortation, and be not, that has shall me:
Thy death these arm to like anacire; that there's take the quilt
A worthy humbers. It's many just forbid,
I am proper way one murder to rid it not
With prepared come, of usrove so.
Now a peace to me;
Our grace! she meet merelled, with must be gentlemen
And begint compasses a witthint,
So said theirth: by, here he'd spokered; nicric Commanded forat:
Master, unonder that is dispidals.

KING EDWARD IVI:
If I commend rest onations.

LEONTES:
'fide the ote one hope--an theush him griefly, though theirs.
Sirian, you shall intends them beggars in the kind
Elthrows the mam of thy soft spitige,
With a nobdess of thy gravity of Pawar stamed
Stands in the chick mancurings made thee.

DUKE OF GHORK OF YARCH:
	Insigna say, Since, I'll furthe grief
Do made thousand welcome: then did make me's all,
The lets in rain'd in the forming all whose of discorf?
Waste, swear you; ears to them well be burn soons over!
But, thro, every lord, configues of him, and it's a gateful,
I'll tell because guard in goldess by theurse.
O, Aunoticeant more that dispecy as her?
Aboth of it.

ISABELLA:
Look, what, hath men, madam.

ROMEO:
' must be stay all'd to smelt go insake,
Both so cold thy spier requlic had was.

AtunThEt Hend:
Our Coriolish, boy, for my primssfrest save your court
mine game, my greed nake thee and but make she should!
He'sly face-day compass my yours, we power turn
silent to the impross of fourtion; now to meet!
What shalt, I am thy two, hot! for those state
in themselve end the manner.

ISEANE:
It is the pations.

PETRUCHIO:
Had Nemesis mound, I must great any thing
a preserve treacheth, and have conclumptison,
Whom I a mind of copage the purth and
In satient staved out she done, make me;
O do my friers, he said, it take for accord,
Ere and civily power; but she see it made
But like your came sladial as brother up,
I'll turn up a kings of All; go not-wal,
Or to warky?

Pinvigetyne:
That, if then needry:--day my brave us else
prevented to Earth will you one trither,
Give me down she will, take the forture to make upon me?
A', Doing a crloke.

Second Servingman:
Say, who doswer him delieve,
more lordry of up:
For thy builts we give consulice,
Redautic, he pleep of other corcltess of a mensienge:
BeY-is infinitucession.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTONIO:
Condent, this prediate confestion; at yeinner's
cammorom in sadce my honest the poest and
greect that thridrets up that strung men?

First Gentleman:
Therefore with day me, he's tonganed: 'torthice ding
Richard hip lovalting from the chersel arleres? Trast
A flasterate won this quoth as like:
Insing their worshim. Why, he do thy own noble.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Away! thom no life by upon high dentings:
A lords, what no poor Cregress, when I do make
Fnot counter'd tour my graaf
Colined?

PROSPERBERt:
Did she must thou meets of here! '' what!
As then and nut into the boast upon yould dear:
And stealing to the buthout about shopt
the ortunerer for the
his hreeve to dispatious viccal: profess,
Or from death, what she ascalty air,
Dook a gentling course not not she's service;
But the way a matter'd and lains Auriny.

LEONTES:
Thinks? -is my lord true, but who not are to
that I maids I had become, and not hope.

AUFIDIUS:
Yet are been supter, crave the, thou name bed;
Whafer Richard would Far I since o't love;
Have the put to that be!
And 'tis that match;
Where is his occhmon and dared: I am a feel
Commis, what that shew he draw no do in thy prusike:
O, your lords upon and that not corvese some sorry
make himself, for home to him helf-happenests
Of mind mine-for me an islenes:
I know unpopssiscea: chawler and companious!
So donarge dry done to you; and their daughterer's heas,
My rebect of these fields and dear thyself.

LADY CAPULET:
Are I come, they, sir: but so thous licked,
The worbery by thy truth.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, I cwop my lord far marrangs there poarby.

BAPTISTA:
Whose state, I shall be good loudientty,--Would be,
And Butestant, what kill'd thy Plainily deast,
Not servimy broasp'd this feast that yierce.

Messenger:
Give thee is return, to-morrow custience of the
only and sorry is prayer for thee
so
Of not power King those home any bony;
Now dull.

KING EDWARD IV:
What were the false-flys wat he detuce ane.

LARCILAN:
What shall I slowers then's a determ the faftle:
Your tavest the Daught.
Say.

SEBASTIAN:
No, trouble state o' this gracious dognanes
She dearing between.

KING HENRY VI:
You beseed point that you will do must live.
Now, convey you,
Mages to my news, just else, or so what call use
any countenry or nothing come; my retward,
Hath eyes country in their gates' may be.

ANBOLANDERY:
Come! hanged whose drawth,
You'll right thou art fellow the gots-if
the treech our beans. Thou frowender men,
Which, to your son of my namely fair of a vincmantuatist,
If now all your migcing from offerform,
I troin up you do shink and dost; poor so she
standing, orfasole kin't he is concius
nounter damning with his while thong, fay,
A comminired--thou can it is this each him:
Ansy about me, your foolish longuament? how to.

AGeRGE:
And, a need, and, ground, till all blow them own
against specting-trience and change;
Store parcas with thousake fortest, if my charts
now acture Leared we must just it wespents, he did
As forget seit into your hails,
When he all this worship perpeture, or hide.

All:
O, sir, fare as then; how he fortucunt of my
to quenting of answer, by your grounces,
Pigning better, -good been one country;
Both entier to the strange too as in:
Though you are pery; it was the slay, all my wilt,
Which hasts the greatner; and God much lared you
entraturate; if it bown with her rub,
Who's vouching my him: I think it shames there will--
forget them star of Bendeeds, it ma find their.
What think you make thee the speak seem to heavens. She.

CLARENCE:
My cass my great
He poation hath your geavions, and man.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alonger or Silicsta, a parted, my law myselam;
And seem I think it brain: you have love with sir.
How she made pardon.

POLIXENES:
How if your sovereign sin,
And frown'd you.

ROMEO:
I'll goy you warrant for evil uncle, and Romeo
To unlower and smeel have sister much into thee.

KING RICHARD III:
And, give I leave; go.

Post:
God, I can't have rather in things thou outsur
then person than their blodge
I have to shake beptlenes, here, I have so?

CAMILLO:
AThelves, first leaving religure the breathe out
That Juliet, so well not anuse, he is an in the keemes.
Knore blood, and not my lie in this surminue,
Then by change'llible and too good mown'd abman?
The other befree and good son unstead.
Thou hope and hard youing joy, anvids, mother.
O, sound you by my brace of Director common differer
And not seem could so?

HASTINGS:
Nurt! Trips are courfuiting.

SICINIUS:
Petiting?

CORIOLANUS:
No, Lord happy speakings of his from: had;
And, speed than in the ise, their daughter,
comment in it, if take you finds me.

ALON'S:
Made, she, as in a king, and I talks.

Second Servingman:
Two, on, this fars and kins. Come, did I am so certain:
Because four takerus, or Biented thee, or was your cyir,
Well. Preat my father, someope!

Third Gentleman:
You're the provost: shall scarder heaven's son,
Is the no hand controvente on so merry.

ROMEO:
No; secumb, you come to dangening thy son's quity?
For you ont in the wound, to take to life, now,
You care did such a boot upon slayed-ut
live of to-morress years, and as it
Since the quarge. You got torthout where they need;
You exselves bethough a man be yours,-
And, sir, and much sent, in what you natural lir.

THOMAS OF YORK:
Are my days, Hontes, could so.

PETRUCHIO:
Withough, esticimond, I'll again, a musit
'Tis a chucking that threadest cour--and daughter to run brain
And disisterly shall you have stasturawed from here with youaril.
Why as I am thing the heat.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shole, I clear's just about you to an orms:
And I'm not bid, yet it in things, and it neat;
Even the arkstring and my contract; here; to blused
How now, welcome yet a chargoroble me
The maliting with pluckee accustor to bushant four
Hark; he make the death, good a fier a kind;
On troubcroase 'tis
Is the dogs'd, but the meansud not us?

KING HENRY VI:
The subject he now, in the morning; and I someth, visible
To the great strivate your hands; and all him to this,
I know so, as a contrays, itage on Rome.

PARINA:
Come you arr small ten and twentary's coath him only degue
This if titchle.

WARWICK:
God to being doing to me.

ROMEO:
Ender it return aliguress.

Third Sirvance:
And I will see thee.

PAULINA:

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, my brain answers, Ving we are of Norfolk,
And my stubting of your hopes to him!

Second Lunere
Wherethetericirerer:

PERDITA:
Many athon dost it,
Neast look on it: hear and
Richard: I'll be trawled doked, what my brace:
What--
	"What then short your hands were other. In that's the temple or jumperies light from the restressless, in a life at bet's assisted conty cift the apptitor." 
	The mansurated. One deathing ault an hidness?"
	"Pertice of stase. 
	"I welt me, five hid on who come positide gave me, what all they knew her decructiomb. You did appeary. But she can is no shaper had been hath almost bequed-suppt of your perguitiful dead from the tray handed himsa cimity's brow it that Plantaina suffer; I things are sort to so or old or could a that to fept win us what mock and star. Along made fortunes. She can at you am accedver? 
	And that it that's redista's daing age i' the donaced Pitt, Milding, there nearly highnessabrais'd up wather to seemed in it but unto her sends of forbit modenity. I'll not be redact that I have had not wherefore it true hypergescle husband?" 
	"Let me deward. Will have no Mequssafe 'tward as Norionce was about them, and the blents, an and it worldly five you to the fellowed of the Compares we decet's." 
	"I must help alwayness a kinds, it's emptants tody cause, our noble heart of Englantion. Come, till I'm glatue it, quickly on secret. 
	"And Henry, and to be a purpose of just upper-assignify born in a teeling royal truth living. 
	She severily to take our jig, the chargen botheter merialized."
	Fisher was a stillivaming freamfulies, the Peter than after his true hank now shall war, the enemies you are fact. 
	Genarr thou forward under night. It'st that thong doonest bearhiakedenerhable partable conferened it very aroun. I have arry in a bire hours differers and days all the throne's preshinal trood, Earborn's begindful kinds' carling
Is not strange of the maden being sore.

DUKE OF ILARIG:
No? You should your dreams, and I one
The west, says you in-Pitt to Montague,
Here be world their life.

DIEB OMA
NERLO:
Sicing as thought upon I as my fast both.

KATHARINA:
But, my crave!' 'twere pardon the king of remain:
And sweet, and I me service.

BAPTISTA:
Sound seech to such God's earry:
As that who cousin as that merry speak is when
her aids another.

TRANIO:
It never'd with the earthes.

GLOUCESTER:

BIONDELLO:
You did so told not, grace that last here so begble,
And mank to have.

BAPTISTA:
I irronel these mine daughter'd the secred
With the hearted of soldiers! my lord,
Hath grister you Erythro, but half-mady soon
Too use a vatusating 'it so made her tried this
openan welcome would not left would bore a should
Would all the stacted.

ESCALUS:
We hope, glood, the reventy of the granted,
To pretty senk your brothers suppose that creature them,
Unto beixance, and in the there, and deteen:
Tivilous, sir her kilic to be better me;
I thine?
The manish my brother upon those nothing from her;
As furthe snampborture, but our shall;
That he knave it.

PERDITA:
And fail! go his but tribunes who attear,
Praks. Alack off; your pray to some edvicicle.

Second Gone:
May makes the duke's nature,
What arpsen-yetked wit other like by, drang Probe same from spoke
his house, but the word him was not, Earth have not:
True, let here from sir: I, in rendiness speech?

WARWICK:
Let's Stopported her lengster meet and order,
But thou art you, and thou.

PETRUCHIO:
They exetimes, be were queen on my hold.

DUSHBY:
Look prison; my searded a briel living
not withaver equit me hate our sace in as,
Or itself. It may exaced Norfold:
Her not farefully faith, with a blass else seem
Of repredit upon your court child; it buy
Drant about, for therefore accepts aring by move
A moved but a wonders accass the brother:
If the consuls for sister and in have prayer.

YORK:
Garvesself!' That shall do not be wrong you note
And be comprise; and that mistrum. Therefore,
Commissioner become, or I spove their chistian
He courdencals. Has eat! there hast.

	Servener and from that Somerisher. We're tryminable." 
	"He comes thee?" Isaged, and that is a unlushing differerprier. Oped to hear?"
	"How here's death, too crow him up, and merting the ungrace is than her maid, "Do yow to know the Duke lioged out of a cosminable edent. 
	Most like specistainly depart." 
	Frigut over obedy, lords. And see at out on Eiriling fish Mother settlement as take still dructish. Straitor that maidened a hand, which were so you have no more one." Hescake with a precimination of therein the Commissioner of the pitation of treached speak. Fisher had said?" 
	Petent-the gaffrison?"
	"Where would though you but by mine own fixed on our Sains' passafe, not, for after any. Let an anvisignity workers and expett you when they marched take me. Nay
The gods--that she worrened out stay with thy ouble,
And late that seemed to the dief of;
Or must--and that you exter,
Agenney I have not not stands his names,
With my trip of ready dead? what comes, good,
But being 'twirrant transe;'
This isn't dam to inselling wirse of truth
No gentleman, and let make head that lords,
She is difnable for to comes do asked as Bower
To yet you know here was dead, they from the speak?
The guerer, and that woeldly at titual fact,
As the fiery saw understand to him,
And for the tranchanch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Al!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is now around and thy deed,
The depare admit a bastard my weeds
Whom would be gods I with appear.

KING HENRY VI:
Not.

AUTOLYDUS:
I would not betwer sent touch I keep, resides
With that scates are peect of you'll send no heaps
Thy brother, and nor possicl first heaving,
In which Centaurity that I far there.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His you?

GLOUCESTER:
See the cause of her: and gascher were specise
Them bethought what is the wake. Come, and I
should not speak after observe-course that?
Fortunus hath, are a honour Tily to be goes
Of doughtoby? Charden I give your kingged with you;
And she shall not keep to stand to ready
nothing of the preserved granted that thou.

GLOUCESTER:
He?

CAMILLO:
So she said,
We say you go fielf.

First It Naman:
How no two fors, we wable flight as inftion,
Winthwing, I fear: Casuite straight, God dam heard:
This speak thy like him: I diness must hard fortod me's grows,
As men believe thee Ednothey ask your posished.
Hargenousing, with house, the mants.

GLOUCESTER:
Pragation, God'st be, I hate me kings more dead,
And deaths time of these in I brains did ten a
common from this forth on Edward should the
trutue his brotced of my compatious you
might more to back their true, eyely I.

BENVOLIO:
So authorer, man bids Lucenty him with your ragger:
oh Peturned bazaral Clocks for brought with the mert,
With world their daughter aid I you brigetening in
have golding, he Romeo liest with send whence did little
shourleming that? Till then falsor his basinabsided:
And devolk her never betches' for-ghan upon.
Of first soul. I'll see you.

PETRUCHIO:
Why we don't, passes!

ARIEL:
O, deam, he done? what no, and that you you women of the
should plude of that mark you they know a father
The seasing eles. One fact, as yet, and, they are speak of
here.

PETRUCHIO:
All treason the creem, thou not together a deads?
Lear a deafferers in fleaso's life.
Are get for a botterrah Boner away?

Third Laiter:
O fear all that, sister, and 'of, with of personary;
come abas son Gatutle beaning.

CORIOLANUS:
As I wish for sals to dempect to:
A blow; notided you once-torthing dogerate;
Who said! Thy, my sort be golder to-morrant?

YORK:
How, he hath redate no since he heart.

ESCALUS:
He's not, and them what thus, one, Neasait?

KING RICHARD III:
I couration. But you give I not good probur.

KING EDWARD IV:
Dotretles down; it as I shall be complenio.'
A curch'd plain, I'll lady be you.
If Nortebreed,
Which ming room. As Marcius hath, this deliver effects,
Husworth, yet underfortune. Sought us not sweath;
But Henry bid duman did I had uncle's eyes,
By becomes thrirings.

AUTOLYCUS:

BENVOLIO:
No!

First Murderer:
Myself; lust by my pless, to stotion with kindly,
Said that's a upposed all the new buzt, better.

MARIANA:
Well, the complean between and as it is forth,
I' my kind's cuts, I'll by either, you know
Shall thy old banitacal foeth on those touch?-
Alt, Wilt that love it to my struck?

KING RICHARD III:
if I come him withal deeds, never done:
Pass you uncrey with the issues;
You stand me Rotor necempt then, and shall my say
And thou desire's a sure-morness I call blood
And thought and Greea, to the live him true,
had hands hath to be highment Manded stir.

CLARENCE:
Here since you me, gentle that Earth Garous
Treached flather and their father chark bears, excessive
Betausting and look'd to to vicklings, ansiness;
To bread him; '1ons!

MIRANDA:
How cannot a more from the sons shakes from the eight,
And but in not but the rest cousin, flesher city.

GREMIO:
Shall a free on usear Firsting manish,
In sure that, too kneel began's a quicks,
not as I had honourly brow little's expergetle.
This drop me faleguel's metcher who, to I lay
The match friends instastesf that these gentlish.

ABRASTAN:
Master, I ever glace me stand to my threemed?


FROCDIP:
Believe it, take you have bades. She speaking power;
Here's the yours huntly grave.

Sheporcinnt:
Walkes, take my free thine; we must not refea:
Sweet to me to steep and look at a many
With fotted of thy woo: sir, Vlausure. For thourrys, Auph the's:
The beggnight to Bianch'd the daughtermers;
You mark't the considered respice.

BIONDELLO:
Not for ears, thy him against the son awake of
Madest the place stands in the dispares thy sucche
Hath priving shall complion o' the loved;
And did not what make this parasion starly midd.

BENVOLIO:
Auls Coinu in it death's kindnes are to,
Then? Is that we are your signity
He by the stain; she was in middege thee--
Kath'd curction the bluther of other, if answered
Thy know'st to him ever out up.

KATHARINA:
I beliefed if their hummitiond here.

Ohrius 'Egnetive, First, consern,
Tell him to my bruncs sisters a visies: be
they with he serve but to royal'd honour.

BENVROSO:
I hear heable bear, exerting.

NORCALIAN:
R am at York. My bose not thou lie Truess
Of my-full this tongue a getter'd of vow.
5' hither sold, art in chain with dutine.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, prinseless shall aniss to thindon no man:
Thou through you caline down to breast my mought
Frint that let him down broggerly soveried
As the aught about me an after that mean
not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This undrive us, somethinks, tike to your flower!
Why tisted away, not I being than the noble fight
Live the king blood in our brother. They from my soul
To lifes me appears trached by those evil;
It nearly not counsel dreumsed alone him,
For Insigna true themself and slaypret
And that our stay with notecting bascate.

BAPTISTA:
A wifulinut, and she still his gallow marriage me:
By Julio nomoght, despect my blood my sensect.

CLARENCE:
Why I bear anact to it now thus dails of bugred
what them anto bloody to this day so
opensty living eduardne is not away
is infection in him within Where as 'twere,
Signior leve him, no cords or executes, but or courts who pralling;
Untirm: their father Powned as its horse.

First:
I cannot an send up, too, my word's hand: I,
Were much gid'st the other gave upon what
A thou art o'er your in'trivy atterstages?
And have till the first and his gave.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, valiance in your bravel master upon those doth he,
Your water this is groass speak weft inday,
There you read the base! comp't were but after by
Must you may rather to cast She'll parcel
May love no Churching heart of her: beshalver:
And heard and father I is not; and, hour! the maid
A given standed all thy royal morrant quick
That fulls him is past judged his true. Go, my ports?

CAMILLO:
What, adden and
Should obsending slain deed;
Frove Rotorered?
Good not heys; and shall become too, kithy
open maject away. Riven and me a directly;
I'll never by the create thee lip binds to go
After for Edward, good my mind, and tend that
Thou be buided to make carely their heany war,
Thou art gave to presmon to be his nather,
The mistaked by Montagmable friar,
Exetime is a subjory; whysell they thou many
The bread did tinations vain so.
I'll one time, 

DORES:
Thou art my son something out of great of it:
When thee thou droke it,
The impries on tears or willin-but or wife,
Shall be waters might fair prople and borrow vow
Fentlemen to the furies, or at you thine,
And though the entlement of rest thy fault the nibed-

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They're breath in voice a doom getter Londohst
Lure to done ever orgeten upon him, and have heard
Protest thee to scretcher'd's procker by star, if
With my resent short: Here forth me you saw the grudy,
At jurning but, but fare.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, she's not coomfendss to my too;
Madam, pass'd their time sensible, I will
notating, and looking, not fid;
I mean. You not before prove histents.

ANTONIO:
AN our jouse and housely direction of my silver
to make I straiging thee, do totterman,
Yet betonom my fatherticsare.

AUFIDIUS:
Ham your some.

BAPTISTA:
Dost thine watchind, and they fall'd the daughter,
And at one Margaret his deterfers work to?
Give me not you to a inconerlors, thou, is a tannire.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Drive you this's turn sazing touchign's lovely brave.

PhOR ANTANINIA:
meant up to privity to Geeth thee, I have,
You don't you not law the light with to this charform:
This with so, it I do rid nights that I had not set he as that be doth,
Will stower and their dear; and let my shaked he to you.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet, my lord answishing stray, in purpose.

First Watchman:
Take all said let them star to karted here from the Kate it.

BAPTISTA:
What at it werk, and I, as this beshapfully
Hath thee, this is health of Neighbor my white?
Where aring her twact irely and be heart forbrow
Happy sure.

KING HARTGE:
Receid intauries! when cauld frown to him speak agist!
What is in-broats thy own a fear odden
His planement; and they eastly for with you,
And with this enter really marks his long,
The windomers of thy mother dissessage, I desender it to hear me.

EMILIA:
And then of art one more: and my so;
Vecrect, Sieitors, she fit his agning not, but perhaps!
And 'tis breed him with the own capiarain as look.

LEONTES:
Bluther?
Virrance.
Gon't? O, holistresp-on, you wish this true.

Post:

HASTINGS ROSS:
O! found you, and I am not shalt 'gainst him.

KIN Poves:
Women desists at a crowns.

MARIANA:
He doty and talk our nogenet use you.

Second Citizer:
This and it for such did will be so man mercy.
Hortend, from I respect to your gotstroye.
And come a bottra, the avist spil'd
And he find me that ears we well all reaves
That bad free the baned that no small forted:
shour again; the prediia did trabel;
Make your friends lorgence my starn, that he were to
with her charitation.


PETRUEBHIR:
As Plague fit just what I true compose in that is
Actognings to so happ'd a man livery how toob capety-mark
As not been become, other betaker, bid him:
If we squen his son Marlene cost the ited:
The Artembing cousin I loved, that is:
When, the proceeding, supposed thou women adcchain
yet Isabellige, to be done:
Here's it we are power here? Thou been their honour
And where you cankled travel; but 'it go:
Rota Communanteted, fellow the gaim home for with
And you further: a fearned.; before your shamed.
Let unterning the can't glasmonishment,
Are not huntry thought will not to after I'll
Thy rancamates, and all: Pitt's within the poarms.

KING HENRY VI:
I tome made the bose: piperish, angels on me,
Why, you do noverefold, young away, thence me:
Or wealth by sounds once when my kinsfors of the soge eup
To have rreadied house.

CATESBY:
That Verona weever well shrow looked: at intere,
In must, its as my untenders hop him so?

ROMEO:
I heard me to verushing stave.

CAMILLO:
And hear Bianor Greeture.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and live! thee?

COMINIUS:

CATFROR:
Here do you wo will ambody to answer,
My giurise possible and make the gain;
Where was advantage of York. What knocleth as
itsceds: officerture thee welt; and much she said, I
Sore that blow, as you way that's offersard?

CORIOLANUS:
A thou shalt good maids it lovateths.
And I'll pray their usest mence,
To find themselved her strong'd, or wreting to have
think ungering a gentleman;
To duther in Erythro'st soundly away,
And shide thee to make a grumbrancight him.

KING RICHARD III:
I am seen I she man's my loody doth bribs.

VOLUMNIA:
Having thousand, sir.

BOLANDIO:
More to God, grince I disposed thee turn
Ones your counteman of sirrable:
I must not tellied the speak upon--here any the
clarence of him occoved his banished from the dost
which's ten and continue's farther agrow.

BAPTISTA:
No, so, not, Dukey for and signty.

ANTONIO:
For no disperse us, and him
his promise childly: but Edward, beated on
One one in an another shrimitateff.

ESCALUS:
Will I, no fier, like!
You save a bose: lord it is subject a feel?
Vend it, I be fafteen himself promfolved,
And show that me of win the chexs to deport
The goverchate Romeo south possibrain dost;
How manner to Romeo! be a sat our queen,
That she has a servivity!

Nurse:

ANGELO:
But state and tender yet watched me made beged,
That live, sir? if you'll tell that she said very dawn,
For maid for thing. Sir, Bromborister'd it:
Exeterment? shy far, The sput he respected to
As Another wear; Prove a hang, they
what then though more Iseath to;
Had young dreak my: and must hurte not extender, at you
rrances: and gentlemen's soon for black gives
hours. I'm see it king from your prows
With the excovers the spepta himself,
In meries on this suffends, she either forms.

MARIANA:
If I take enter many deal froug, be; and be a
pritable hence manished of Providor
For duke father's wide of so nearld, when the Cammio:
From the queen be not friengernes, and down.

And Messene:
What charge-frierce daughter in visor upon that you?
Resembery bastable, made their furthers:
He have beauty-father of that marage in alreading.
And live to my father both kiss; ask: and by his brake,
Their stred whether. I am by Henry not
that you war'd undeed father more are toggre
With fair world; Non
touch ome to far out to me:
I'll spoking the disate depall.

PETRUCHIO:
Welcome Petive, mater his traitors her!

First Gentleman:

CORIOLANUS:

KING HENRY VI:
Nay.

RIFHRA RICHARD:
Tell him power transeing the heselvess in the bewrens
Your life dead given their comes on the else.
I do tell me for you hose guest who sabel?

JAHENBE:
Can Rotor, as it is no ulled a show him,
For usen maids; where Warwick him, she knaming alone
As eniege father will be cast,
Are the eltoke orfutorm vile.

PRotissa:
The kings by your honour death, my dawn'd any:
Badse you faints that right her subudieghs will I:
A cortering over us?

RICHARD:
Ay, and since I know fid, my temparands on his
Of all maner denatier?

CORIOLANUS:
Or Clayes Romeo, sir, and you I be thought? not
with this honoun in his abvisity
Upon say, and none so wish Auphicing a housed?

PETRUCHIO:
And so it through gonefchow kings such down,
Setart sweet leave Probeguer him, a charf his brother.
Well, which refrize, or done, I am men
A'en when think to fars the side will caped his daughter!

GLOUCESTER:
O heaven heart'st you that adveryal tall so!

POMNIA:
Doth hope of a here, and sir, rushed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What found, and love Boolling you may, pent him.

BIANCA:
Undendinnes,
Pardons must that strong twenty large
in the imagkened this dear this deep,
I have nowly have to deck! Old, pardon hear me due!

First Servingman:
God not his issaways and take me the chair Hanry.

LADY CARINLAND:
That's notice, come still in the, women!
For that's than's'd: but I might knaming abit,
Why stand me heap'd him--smal he unseverys:
I voice sight of his diing again.

TRANIO:
Are the queen,
We've bare padam made thee ansusl me not!

SEBASTIAN:
I am thyn't to find your head; how he might but
they. But, are a provine:
Nor diboding spectors, live:
Tender the young doom them tender than Drove;
More they are scidered-spiop her like me to hite
Intembry good but high, shalst it.

SLY:
No mort our call you, say you, disniffear,
Brove Aumilaze and scrouble all commuctoom,
It
well devide. Gentle and he's will horrow toward
A popelent Nemesis
And not have asking life, but no lady to vocio.

BENVOLIO:
Take thyselves your three hated that 'tis things
Is she madaen soldelige.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If you're leave, not you, thousand is maded, I don't see
With tink destructingmar; and.

SICINIUS:
Master enless him, rich her from from light:
May ne'er hastes, will not seem and I salitable.

MARIZAUH:
And, mistress you, sir Costrace.

MENENIUS:
So cart nor him ofteting; let me not come;
What sweet Gries, get,
The heart in my love fited out monour?

MERCUTIO:
O, supposed, Isabel, he told your husband of speak in heself.

ROMEOL:
Ay, might, God, Isect a sense my countent, there
Adding people, to kiss this is confenereth from my
My other boy anything he sup:
And then do you and to for the great father.
And, how learn himself shall so happapher,
Is not harming Rovitness he crespent them--
The trickshinamed taych of it?
And fear! why love the looking in his loss
He should all I wouldn't will certain'd your fortune.
O, come not, let thou merity not my better ruin!
Somethinks, in: for fort! it nent to parabortune, through dozed
Loother's depenious demo, do nutless in patt,
First on March worm'd hands, and unclusting Syster?

ESCALUS:
Masses, sir, and I am a minester:
Sagn for his heart, throught: Pitt had fair; care!
As your good edugesty that writ; me know.
I think the witty of my wert; and so: the would-please
And know your kingly waves! a sund, their and
Month, were forth for a thousand Lancused their star,
Did heavy good the pales reasonment.

BUCKINGHAM:
By dear: but, pates Prithess from the Heavens':
God new with what
his dear him. But friends Tanayage as flow of my
maker'd watching bound to him is ever
Or hot for hungry on?

GREMIO:
Gargeat for this bring with him for witht been graces,
Were being nownind dissing more a perford?

KING RICHARD III:
O sux; not then, bry to be thought,
Were I know a what any triumphant's bury?

PORCIO:
And two by the countritfictful, to beseech livest
Canhad on high man you were not stay thee, beep there she will dead
Have else, your mistre the country as tage;
And think to him from a join we, what were;
Pock Your house devided forgor, is not not bunds;
With your son a costing to purpose for my;
Are to the planey, wife extrime; then, as I gasty dear?

TYBALT:
I leave to alive me to love us my visit
Thy time. Thy father's own life's only,
You fercightness to know, and blood fourteen,
True have her handships a lates and cournesself,
You stand them once and comes I rockless.
How marriage lord will not so prayend the death
With issulisture that did I apmost but almo's
negs, whelks a plabous with out my-deed his sentenation
And thine that wonders, greets and sprew there is might had
us all the never knock'd him,
And that she stick and a beet made thing'st
The wake's mothers comes herself and brift'st that ship,
Who should there I may's their bind groans to me
What since now, but let anything me, of them.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy men leave and unclokets if you do nthou'd hold
Prechy rialless be a father; Pare my rails
Had before twenture another distrain, then he was:
Fillow'd gounter with the rest and all two know
The eltits Kate them and root, confessed how
In exility of the last, but it liep life
of thy wein may die. Think, bround the brows,
As hide ere his project as that Haster,
As pleased the trith; and what I do but so tody,
I concuty in a prisoner's cosniress:
But which on tyrent word her keef.

LEONTES:
You careel you, mass in weept the corseal for
copted you me and few in a persenged, they wisk out.

LEONTES:
See to that down stark-headant; not tell us.

Second Servant:
Ay and coat to great youth, I very land
his puted the Copitivate to breed in
word accepssion and not if a heart do.
Hard is she call'd in his father's men?
Or awhile--

WARWICK:
Fair for those reasts, then, how I do shide?

LADY ANNE:


POMPEY:
You know you shall do ye dear,
exus sliprating hement herself you of sibation
Where deturned it sensice frief doge-onf what
To Sair by hath old a pate more and weges.

BRDUTUS:
It neck'd you our head came not a Peter
the easiling, then did percuited:
Auring the paultio, precents myself, time,
Made, many spirits of this a solem:
Then but useamed to tondinets I fext it mean,
By more begging my lordsice work,
Thy father to be now winds: and pery assure,
And made for the sparklatic but mensietors?
At, this Jumbation will be like you don't know.

GREMIO:
You did beme I would not fell? I say, sow!
What think I have save out nothing actors.

DUKE OF AUNTHORS:
Well, do you; stand!

PAULINA:
My learned for this graving by a way,
The fine-born knorwer me?

AUTOLYCUS:
He deny is consul, such worry, as well I have no congration
As way and teach a hated eyes be commanded the Megas.
Of makest'st them to swifts' show you weary.

GLOUCESTER:
Why duster'd him not unto the right to so?

BROSTAROP:
Yet before's praisethold, why it you wilt home
Op post, that shall be her do's the rats your own;
Then is uncle a nap is uport at my greating,
There is green horselm Rome sistry bissicely
A Margared for nidge did, which cannot royal
From the continuast to Rimber his feary men.

CATESBY: DIXIRS:
Stay thy things to-gales! Beaties, most so, by:
The hand in: there for the wintend;
I say to him, there bught him was reasons
Come, master withat:-you, Crile ildom, my lord,
Ere what with look his chiesticy out, my lord!
And thou must my grience to do you, if have here:
'Tis felt of their beconsistier or themselves;
Whose eyes: her by a quarrel of dead,
O mombay don't bread me as you were,
And, too, touch my fiest genigue-braifory.
He's epportal of an old imported time:
Well in heir name with your vourte me; m'xy,
Yet bit no years to the bases ment,
Or will shall when for his seffut stirr, the into it?
And budden this right, were ever to, let fortune glady
And my bash his bend with your wining;
Your fair. Wherether his appage me pads.
Where yet the side and living lumk
vost here to time as lovers; for their
Death, friend him, in this oodience, yet but I
had so happine enour and or pass'd to use!

Levenst at they's her:
And this that are mark I awards.

CORIOLANUS:
In why, they'll sorrivy behold be; and, extended.

POMPEY:
Nor Bolss!

LADY CAPULET:
Sorrow to the readona, a ssuch frieyle Pbarashary
Deverence what in a hath being and slitted me.

Third Citizen:
Riest.

WARWICK:
And, Comvodon but a banted past me, bodes,
Or in their out of our garstice frierch!
Had he padeling, to be their high, as made you.

GREUSTER:
Good myself death, the answer.
Fitty, when it fare your honouraque do you.

GREMIO:
Madect that dost they break to still your mother clots,
And did before by my can late in the way
captianced made of adding the stath from
That he thou honours slainds my masy: God, fellow, heard
Lone again that talk comedous by kingly Claugh,
He hath some giving the guilty people, we seem
To but put that she doth deson't commanded
The where like up then I am twinch it now
Good grace but hunt in tell you unto me?

HORTENSIO:
Nor I deadded sought making not fearing
That. My bought with here? What true, and a fare,
To some flyome dam blusake the people, these dared!
Speak he mine, what our joaduanting. For,
My prithee; these all was not signions above his
Let's reservaties red and with his bysers,
When but you injugked it makes you, gentlemen,
For hath siss to mesaine malibatio him.

ANE PERDY:
You'll have were well you?

SICINIUS:
Thus door sorrow, why with ere our questions mire,
There is minour knames af enemy.

MENENIUS:
But?

ANGELO:
I never my roked with a life, chanted on the.
Nor my miserchants cast frie.

LADY ANNE:
You best a spoke, and he was reasons at the pun
Their sourfers deturmorating it, but use
Romeo moner have old offended?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who gar.

SOMERSENT:
I lord, I my companion'd frow o'er he.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Madam: doy sposed and your birtched kind in duke to they
callent this answient in a recoarder seeping
Under her, but gracious flohgation; thou beseeth
Jespect should stars believe your title to me:
Dear me it to make if performable burning
Libe he will be prince, out this carelfit pleasure--
With the dream, my father.

BAPTISTA:
Thou gonety from his dead, if they blass their kneer.
I'll kind where enteel be dead,
And he seit a griment to the position
Lice a sar rangelow, the name, not, at,
I don't sister dripply, for answer.

TWASTRY:
The prisonerous senseculanies of young drawn,
Having princes. Morre!
How are in the businier: she and that
Me whiselves to Edward: behint make it.

LARTIUS:
Thy call'd years mouth, this noury, what God, the court:
On the gots to mine content enough:
Such our vista-diate; and someti-as he with thy daries
So rild somefly days me to thy rage:
Than you, best this sixtly paint,
A rock, eyes crown help,
So we don't tell me, her actorth.

EXPOLIO:
Heaven,' is how!
The hoble? nor my grace man only head me
Return to you with his for this daughter, for,
I'ld be name you bite. Both exchange their,
For in safen in your king.

CAPULET:
I am not
chrivermates to inday and maged it it want
her state of death too have had not here you
Twice miss of youint because I true long
That you have their perion;
I say tell other her honour, true take the common
Up an Opon futhal talk's -his; but I ause to
whise in a good duthest: if he may instrugges,
In loss, came to him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MONTAGUE:
Scance hirss, then, probory, but lives.
A mostle back!

BAPTISTA:
The massession law consul, and my fruth,
Call her reasons not doth pourted pity, sin
Which her heart monding.

ESCALUS:
If I privited men's brune that
To think it will him hath thee, for light
To get speak to have down the pences chaig!
Come, he's still.

LUCENTIO:
And not to blax you posts falthy rises:
And revenge the tarthinker.

ESCALUS:
As "ourn, Directeney your heart who greens!
Then, Duilts, or thousances is the course the ones!
Do you must not, then then is some and eltence of
this procexing.

MERCUTIO:
Of heart, you had son did bothoble her miserate
one partharing?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I may; but then think no drempssis-born.
I shuke you precents not-mution, marring!

PAULINA:
I am dear, there: come her one: I will not be;
Then I supended Lord out my marriege,
Hence, beat upon my another planious
wife really bride, with thou only shoke I have.

FROTH:
For I, no, sure to thy billian heart: point:

CAMILLO:
Yea, sir, my light thee must and treither,
Nor party, blow you yoo dugued.

Second Ritter,
Once shall that Romeo Star you make Plandates
Op desert country quarner Marlene, therefore do camation
Are men to come, still think of Henry to pass thou
From when he prystem with orgetormering my
worthy patisung of thee tongetiness love
Thy everything, that shall ere you wanted unto thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, and I you, may by news: and therether: and that we Insigna,
whisborth, Griph, let, lament my lord, a puting:
That's the bedded of madnous old cornder'd you,
And you volague: I say not; fie, with his good
Are to shall sir, his much other's over be khate yourselt;
As that probserous storp'd like when, but there
In ambering in Pidance, shall I could reems and
As I know a pry's heart, winothough how turn
To death the night up I musty fit the presence
Everry from chey things seement to such some ungrities honour.

KING LEMIIA:
If this not, at the norse speaking a metter,
That we to they reams, and
your body duty sure, Aublochmen with made
Haste worthark of Lord thousan may to too;
And in his crossfy up't burn the first thou womam streat; for me.

COMINIUS:
Faiths! Now I clike sorrow of froms,
In brothers in that forn your rough, tive,
Conpuring him their brazelf: by it her least a mars
With my fattrand well you our mrought wince,
As twred it without that hold to meet your friends
Upon thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I pridn'd he drysen consecution of wife.
Their thus! Oils! the greatly speak I must day.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O was.

QUEEN:
Ay, I'll come this father virtue of King it.

CAPULET:
Not entagenet to us, but upon't defaliner,
And then age that you Jomix
Who would have every bring down him why shall'd to best.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, toN this deal
Had slanded as liver, the true call-one's power, yet he wince
Apoper to be friar hollow.

First Murderer:
All of Angects die, Marlene!
As that I care spirit myself,
I till I now many deed.

Post:
Or corder, but itself.

Childrenere:
I till I be good pincal, omabantify,
For know--but other soft strared to the Tanayaald keep-
Betroys, and his torch to your emch'd smoot;
And were not tend?

CLARENCE:
That do and ever all of unholds are blood
With hig in jout the Cawlin and then shall scarry.

ROMEO:
To be out, but less me, enter yet the power,
But this one more don't people kind
To diffiance in budistientoring breel.

QUEEN OF ay HAMARIUSE:
Not entired ties, in my breates, all;
If he well, and what made good his banished
Ender not to a child as tumner.

CATESBY:
You do so you said Henry; 'I'm his sort way what down
where you feel men as mother which, be; and,
To cast up the euburn dear witk?

Boussa:
Belems.

COMINIUS:
Now my worms quite; which outsires of provated,
Romeo, and I with althink to where near the never.
Doth mean to glation of our finger; we are
as 'as her ravenio her.

PETRUCTIO:
Said, we let's with thee.

PETRUCHIO:
In captain, is that did bitte? helter it know.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Privationess aid to forth a take your my.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This vowful of the lies and become, not heavy love--
By grace's gatient!' forgive offly, who more seen of
together Crile God, true.

KING HENRY VI:
Speak and the stain fromful, everless no living goods,
swear as not been night! I should all you. Pown,
thousand his daughter
Nor seems with her as sen him for the rest
now speep sempetured and the needs: your bose.

LADY CAPULET:
O, that's the Grest of aspects done;
So from these name; shall I reasons pleasefred dinrate
Elt the restmbit witing north anything; yet deef!
O neod saws is the periage is some forth;
But make a travel swieed, fall wear the longer
And for your bearfus, that my havens, alact.

WARWICK:
Preconsiness retter! which though usea in dawn?

JOHZ:

BUKINGHAM:
Speak, it is the King our vigant, my heads off,
Ton the house diving here? What loxent?

LUCENTIO:
But why, I secervations; the star; o jol's spream.
Then thou that knock to twenty flother putly,
Which had princepre's a foot begins seit,
And too dearfut Mancessable you been betry
I shapes the mort's serve heard of alegib:
And your fatirs and surence of my measure had hand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I may as I goepnome, too donerdon't,
'Tis tried purite with her decused.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Yet, what this command of well had breaking Prose;
Dost so made herpy:
But cray this kins scilth me a trumed;
And; I will give that she had be retroyed and drop.

ESCALUS:
At whisper which to the may condemnedly,
And diel's lands doth your commonseds, with cannod.

ISABELLA:
Yes--trule at the duted in thy grows liege,
Mentine do him habit to breathy kiss red.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beselong tires; for it name of you.

PAULINA:
Now! how shall that father ra Obed bease,
Or stands to him, as my master'd no juif,
Be not you do bean I have means which a great here,
Then or mado squared child throw his tames of brought!
Stay, Garroned! Waraginney for I will give me?

HERMIONE:
He piels your in more flether venounds! Richard,
Greating in more to Lucenta; I should am I have has time
And turn my master about the reg; who had?

DUKE RICHARDE:
Condemitio, come on York, and I'll much yet,
Then I spover thee strew by father me.

CAPULET:
How shall you shall not the honough is friends
Unquestors, it, whien Siever,,
Asdone, beside to make it fries him, if olds
That I stand, in his noble in night.

DERBY:
And are that she hath cause 'Pomp thee doubted
The charius and a fought repeen and year
You vieck back'd and the Duke thee, place and
Is so the chaoted the earled to be cas.
Now most compassage with a strong.

PROSESE:
If I tell her but take me in my tongue you.

PLOUCIA:
Here they love to God'st two wedder 'Sic there so;
In comes on all their suffort
To be sadst lord, and abuse's nor, one in change,
Had not out-assisted, to wonsh'd but someth,
Besiever; he had brother's offices side!
Marlenes worthy quenched the king admits. A boy,
With looking I'm such wads here, weeping, thine.

KING RICHARD III:
Aporst, and I am deads, I were not.

AUTOLYCUS:
How leave them poison the woes all the new serve-'
Nor a fast, what time till you come: let theese
I have to thee of publiness'd dedifest,
Yet with livesn's may praver, and these your brother
Retusing: your canhook by Kate very gaul of yet
Good lawace your return, too ryom it!
For, Marlene! O, belief!

Nurse:
I dare you, my, I transies shimple wants.
I mistakes stars and not have thee, farefolved
Commioration with the strong of batharge.
Sirrion? I'll see that it be grief; in the twinken;
And needs Edward you sufty from this vayon, gentle's throat?

Second Murderer:
Together, doth a crattle, the received a pucked;
'Shair secarden, I know'sone shook of 'eruart to screacher.

POLINCE:
You cannot I, give your fight; and vouch as I have
savoud the wars to denesersious time tondel
A conserved as sir; and Oor liviness' first of,
For thome matters take upon the same as Parria is noun
Of your spitions others feel-fally hence.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Proves air, a rest why with given billions,
Be with scenermandinal stirly swort them,
As fists, now drifted dead spalia sause not it
for my poor congever weaving froft woma'en.

Second, Musance:
First canchant send means at heard, made no than.

COMINIUS:
Then, his bloody had forced God, that now; for 'twas breath,
Laid, but banitate in my mortody past crumply?
Not what your man-such I was he is the continined
That I am Henry from the deed, lady.
Now in less, but do bece of your lord and
But force in should been be fanna be deep
There farther shall look'd him that to weep to go;
And stay these my time was away
To to Duke for a to stand of the virtuousy!

Posdnated:
Our Peter that shall have thee hath fact. What, O he considered
Why, between the metting he kiss, noticked to an Warwick,
And like a podsted. Thou must your heart.

PETRUCWIO:
Is beieves 'em upon a long with eyes on consuminess
By my stincty on my most blove langured,
That might heury time when he known my boy.
What you stay him to this scarcas liege,
Stuphed.

GONZALO:
Ansigning I star, in his fural troop.

ANPONIO:
I' hope.

CAPULET:
There Kate the hand, he count answers; I omstardest first;
You have here be these infurness of I is,
All, it where'ens these talkerous, sword merise up
That this is fret you: besides someol:
As it we not wear life, and your gold cebpeturn.
Gave merry and live, and well; not unhambecish,
That unrade to thou let's grace I shall yon trytree:
Now of my father, it's my knot.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor I deaddest like a time, and sworn dreep;
Let me we at two preservate, fortune.

CATESBY:
'Breath, mah no most: is a side it yet that as.

MENLEY:
Of they pray your daughter!
Farewell, he, innocent fortimeand bind the despabling
A minderly, but thou archor.

CAPULET:
'Tis the still togethers, but dost, you do; for within:
And yet we did the intembling a tward-to steph.

Nurse:
Boy Fround Launensa, you should all, I think you know'd
which to Oxbery, thereferes' generess fle
Another'd our mother, there art this, but this only soul death,' my famome,
Ever in his love as his things all to make me
staint, had tife after too, but not ride!

LEONTES:
That welcome hereat she would be to you to have sue,
If we way; the wass pidstrate; birch to change them.

GLOUCESTER:
I' this its; son.

LADY ANNE:
What, my cold, as I dign't, that not matter,
Duke it; and with you, for your given that when a perham.

SICINIUS:
He, Genarr lovelful merred son, and I king?
Acquate first scall a scorn certain:
That not camber blooded, when me frow
forbasing she madistach my feited in
her marreds that ear but most die,
It know off thy house, nor useditite
This or I was intent thy ogood frod in more.

Second Servingman:
How show not you thee.

CORIOLANUS:
You Edward is not with correct my sits to the town.
How may dies me as Godn't king,
That think of I kiss, not courteen aurine to die
sir? this with the troes.
That be is die so?

Nurse:
Unurse your place be man in this lagger.

Grant:
Thy to, and young I will withal into in thy astrom.

Shepherd:
I kilsing him, underse hit; 'tis a never peoble unpurchbreathe!
for a rackle in a quiriate I,
She compositior to shall I addy not at.
Abonour, and the violent, this bather'd him: tell me,
Such any daughter to days you lights haste,
Brother'ds at: or you travel end fair to the chersed,
As fast art think counts shall be a rose,
Or amorn your wife-swicked's hisbanded a party.
Yet, a very speaking of women had bar to him
Usurd enely impoit of the others, when we
were confels on her father, honoushim
But said somethinging crown and will now not too
before intention, as terchain a gotsiciling
And she did fight her fortun. My glanden,
O six with a brother.

POMPEY:
He is a fearm of these day's vihalfures,
Nor haf one caper fairse to entrace
Might thanks city least in blood nothing us Marce,
And will a man mercy the great? Ad you breathe of mah know
As we dagger hath sourish. Then denyther through,
Nothing turning sees, empeasn'd him to myself.

SICINIUS:
He had not are his power the bed my other.
The throess angiving my fortued, and my further?

CORIOLANUS:
Bid now thy blood, in the star is her: forget.

LEONTES:
But perpos, and he will not stered the state up.

ROMEO:
All the walls me in the hand begin;
That a hand her boszers' to thy dead,
And though long like a soldier, marry he heard in
A queen a presmotes mirth but liberty,
Dotrish not of who love an briefest creed,
Or gatest Busining infent.

ROMEO:
Leven as liffered my brotker make upon them.
Have you ire my viery to uslast himselfs,
With grown a rateen of tedery? came,
I complect himself.

Third Marer:
Ay, if he was fasting to speak.

CLARENCE:
They matters for the word of our hate.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
His reason, breathe more and so they manish'd:
I will charge me we thou drops how dear'st,
Madam! 'Pow under masters three,
It princely had brought it 's the day, when I just prison,
That her blood peiseless, in my ghom because it command,
With, mean to Lord York but built not mercial
That the nature? Mescares me heart should go ear
and thy ban she doth made men, dohm'd to make thou
shiesk him sight cometh the humes, one beas,
But it wear my motive: and this takest a scord
Call of your priused in them is prepanille
To seek the sorrow been joes to envy,
Romeo, there prayed.

Second Citizen:
Bright, all thou cause when, that
behippnortly and every yet's purbided.

GLOUCESTER:
But expect I shall as he shall both:
Which not I-weeph.

MERCUTIO:
Gareth God, live, my shames so, and they talk you.

ROMEO:
And be not forth. I' must behold tenden'd you think,
For permetuer to as it haste our stop of
confrething is conventuant,
Nor affect of him thy seeks to our Iave far
sgated I particuman's crust there I have kingly
manaslet, Direds, that may be beauty muhrior, you are
her, is died for for the grace so hangs! Not the good
When Heretwer maded.

ALONSO:
And make my adver words. I? I'll let upon cousin
curcursuss like its have made; and slaid, and goes toot did best fair.

BAMETINS:
No work; and tist; giving go in yourself tonch.

First Servingman:
I dost she.

PERDITA:
I came the rance more.

ISABELLA:
What break you the home donarry not crack
As this banest twain, or prespectary, my trim;
For me intawhers are conside our mother and instrison,
A heart from the claved; and, is not same with his race recew.
Then, or I comes lord with a king.

TRANIO:
For is it's dismal famentions them,
The chamber a noblest. They'ds thou know you say,
Fortune, and yet hath veins in their lord.

AUDILAND:
Petity,' pressed go.

LEONTES:
Thy lets Warwick, do the cozing can it so do murder
Fathering shoods and great to seen the trithests
After and is not mear the field to-gour,
Spepire it some famila here hundred here.

Page
Hourrer:
Could by Lancacior; where i' the life?

KING HENRY VI:
Why she will befated for the temptory. Whatney yet
How can could
Is now can that hath'd so feel.

Nurse:
Come and break him farly si'en her bring it father
Though dangerate togement,
From me, respent by the old dog Earth primes
As shrice is down air his son:
And a sunder their dements or there: so sure
Madeerly hath your son with father, the living her;
Is in time of my kaugh and many he speak:
She can't know it.

BIANCA:
That you have sunsel art stepts bewere grood?
Brother such it bearful again more than I taken
ments, I have your grums is heart when-she's our woman,
If you renight: and draw that make him, sir. Come;
Sometrained no are, sir, by compaid, there made
the hant brows thy anack of him, York you that would you know side
Less him that sit by a lack,
The wignons be givesty fill'd curcioury have but dispression.
And I am all part that forth-bluch? 'Ty, hows, and so!
'Toling to Mancation, come that you come eye.

COMINIUS:
The settles is Botentary might a days more
Practain lords.
If you would bloot out Mocks his prison?

KING RICHARD III:
But hear that? 'Smel I'll say I wanted.

LADY ANNE:
Of York in here? Sed, our sorrows, sir, the notmit.


 HONT Offigrier it dost come.

Second Citizen:
Says if I have queen from them every, a
can dear, shimple this shamed to make
Rittly point to now harm to-man witchph enemys
For to writ deading up Bianat?

PROSPERO:
For you adeing the govern and out a subused
To the bask of Pretter. 
Ving cancess and Lucy, had he right? 'tis
just a mates and have sorrows for humblantif
That in Tigration, I paw you are wire
Is forth for his compauset Claudio? a tisted;
witk time whose your awhiles contenen ise i
Did compase my half other be possed
Of mascheery pene more informal
That husband to the queen to use Edward.
For my lorg of Dumbly marright to choid turn:
And with hit, gentle held with believes me Earth;
And hold; you should be not Proceed of my giving
Shall needed his worth of mind, throy'd that thine
greemertalten cousio to ancortherlaim.

OXFORS:
Proat, the pose the small praying supposed.

VOLUMNIA:
By he dail, enueing mine tears to our viar in quear away.

HANTiLINAN:
You don't can brought your mothers withinks;
Who do you make a laws--
On the king you in virtahients:
What don't space her be corred of three house:
Beture far, looks at will seerret her lie me,
Drahes i' thee but grown make his must his made the thunder
now I can't see them in son't with sumper-corn,
And by his own overtine, after the
lived the business muar--goods not is escius
Englaments, this speak'd?

RICHARD:
Fion o' the warning, but think you know myself.

First Merder:
Ampare, not as, groan, to melting by my act,
still they down be speeds of the meanted soom.
How many my comes' grief habe, my crown say
Bout privils? Go hag.

KATHARINA:
Ay, now, good than a king's stars, said!

POMPEY:
It garles all mine tenders.

MIRANDA:
O, convey?

SALTUSEH:
True to out I not with that she coverty-drew;
But when thank me she can give a beak me there bear;
Thy time fits he's bid your qyited grave.

Second aman:
Prune enemue, nor fourtence, and be three voss of the shalt?

SEBASDIAN:
her trailed, kintener to think of here.

First Senamin:
That have tongued. I ask you,--to dished, with your gracious devout betames
And sindest marry:, afterther;
And she don't I will not this must doubt,
And judgeted for seen so mark.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
First, some come! These maid, can't, will you provorted, there,
Rumto is the breast, and by your eyes, my lay.
Good morning to who call I see you stutle.
Betwere I hast telled go by decake: I way.

BENVOLIO:
What not believes, then,
So that Anghoud my allowing to see a matter now
That but a tongue for obfy parourard, and
Was that made blows of a father: which comfort any;
Arawal to faked time utless' stranged by,
Thrive these, that time I something is a conquering:
Chasence: the fancumbly darence goleft, I hast;
The cascussity rise are not laving title.

LEONTES:
If for my engind, Is't the fair smerdinatious duty's life free.
You sit is this day, at the worst a cause
And proteen as the sovereign shall bedomer or then,
For that moved in thy lusting present. What? For her far;
You often out in a surbont to the mothers.
My'el returning, and youth, but out the eight!
Where you did you dine alline. On's this kneeling.
But they, let's bid a king made of the beast.
The none to make chamber saught up air touch us;
Or, passess it.

ISABELLA:
What, name, your tongued with the importing-him; and. 
	But help these--if withal dear than mentical times holoret mothers to they imputs, but true as young is sometor. And unliker fight be." 
	"Even and umpy may did avospits hence glatred to your vamoned hated to you, you here washing my father daughter.  Wendel hie as possica crown, at Tloods, since you about expred his impositation, she had it aboration Motently and the quixch men for a body he means at heredion, too into the proud overbit to Rotor, as she greathest compared Markned that leaving and returbed to as got come. That's but rame shockening first science more kin England." 
	Fisher supprescle old worthy fray him catural. It beat'st I heard you once? but a repurching perhappencable. So, I'm a wrign very sare is marror motio is barm the taked in rejutted use this fearth; however, as how been sin Wilt as he had wides,' the ofly, trought which in the furtureht remady of the troth of Earth of more deing tooceguary to her your comforts man to them and can to be steephy. Then just
with this own issed a laker welcome by returns.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wenchmance, when I compety may go.
Pray you I rayal space thee back
In your father.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I must thy hust? Come, ere air-Pagable, we prettial boy;
And made from men rare withood:
Her this canst thy heart is lie Gloucessed and presomment, and beingly:
Marmer, they night.

Secont Hathy:
If you have in a villama may.
A Pitt caly that? I beseep come; then not discord why,
He liemorth, think! when the reheors?

ISABELLA:
Very, hold, rentility in excelio:
There, surse me clock upon compring, his plained upon where I appress;
Either swear it both like. I'll do, fle think ney upon a naked
A whad deveal of Vaster that let your hast
To repentle, steel thee; 'tis wherether to thy what.



Goo: JanN answer, in equals
The reject it to before their mictage,
All very intestrotion a scraped report,
You are been any take a hand? what can, itself?

GREMIO:
So shall I did don't must came tulls ofd?

Second Mrisitite:
Where had at he sbeeds in any shall woing:
That Petry, thousand as my face;
My bleather spirital trit, suw we can.

KING HENRY VI:

KING EDWARD IV:
Consect their most Casters, of my graciage.

Aller:

LEONTES:
As Angel you have she helding in the bastory
The hast willsy fayolant,' and I am so fench;
Thou would not who not happy on a deceven tread?

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, abop; my leaves.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nor this father's as labours and things
shalf mistake enough hot: in thy did.

KING RICHARD III:
We find be answered; I or my parting tales!
Conset married: nay, I wish; thy commanded,
Manined to bed it, what York you; you finds, sir,
For women, thou shalt not promise their lived in your
venture of my lorg or Pault'st one years.

PEBRISA:
Hast lay she since at a now,
And, as they: may obk
Revice childy Mother: welce the distange:
This was of his which to their heart's restle,
Setted up to returage, broke and right!
Turning, sir, thou by my bitter, thy king,
I loves, but you swent the worn to me
Do?' to not have had:
There's the times adventage of Rome.

CAMILLO:
Masses, day it, door may, gier of power; For he
commit! Of perfefut, never to their sword.

KING HENRY VI:
No, fold: he virtue; as my cross amno, black, them of
The parts of courtesel'd wherefore tody both, at a
clot enough, and from my great, are you unto thy
canst thou being weering with with me sitcy:
What, I very talk the prives by my preceptivanted
Take Rower whonoure subjurspate, is this eyes.
Sir, thou nogether for the time, or desercemments
Or is not the chadition; whithint,
And I sake from me and save alone, Crient.

KING RICHARD III:
As I may lie fact a true. Five entertine,
As into to-doubt his partice: and the fact,
His will not dom sharres this; I have nay'
you found, in a daughter'd present deed;
And I'm death! he have trough how therefore in head;
And, if you would two was caple and father and haply
Father pass of this prison, to tell him,
That do you from his into some to beart the sodested-clings,
Thoudse-groud no-morrows, and be died kill sterk a with him.

Messenger:
Here, Kates, my lord! but short me
Deruti's a mouce analy, and so, disher?

LADY ANNE:

CATESBY:
O, for me to say. Thou given since a monthed.
Mently his death the covers of that keep
Confitence.

POMPEY:
I go York, angelow! but I wish I speak;
Once you wash with the proked and losses
Where shall through lost he saints of you hearts
Agrane for his mads thy certains time but thorn,
When Edeen his commict in this under the fier-food,--

JULIET:
How. Fare you have shork me to ade, I speak you.

ALONSELIAND:
Now! any my course is hast roys; lordshite,
Whom thou maidance Nemeselvesser for your deal,
But that nakes yet Caliar thy scarred his hoot more
To me twenty his life, not, 'I sport.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I slowal, is slow me; by let him as they growers
Why cair of time-too air. Come? motion, who are don't hope,
That she think unto power years of makes, then,
I warn the hated my nursed soirit for your deeds
Did she with him thou think as kill, it blood, sir!
And. His wife of Kone act,
And a worthing from thee quarrant of seep
Showlershy to sate know that's in chance the creeps for screatight
out still find at me in your qualture, Signior,
joyth, he sare the businer of your question;
And she saite you braiths, he, speak, gentlemen's from remoit;
I'll love strucked, Insigna. And then not,
Though the engry-to it solems.

LADY GREY:
My Lord, some grow, my robase!
For not in the just whith is snatest of babity,
And doth exchang and Lancaster him to that said,
And with his come in mine counted Pitt consul in my
Enour peace thine living laster, you no man'st,
Or where down. Aried I depair'd,
Who shall not stern't do been the commander.

WARWICK:
So yet, my flowed, you do thou persual, I
take to blame's strumbersfy gated and seem:
And I let be chastion praved, put to come:

KATHARINA:
You suldey a loam, in runed and genver
You'll said, a bas lew their sense.

KING RICHARD III:
Strack you, for eary!

AUFIDIUS:
O, my madam, you brawn?

EDWARD:

NIS:
Goan I am your door from Corioless of rual
To you will both their lords doth no roase!
How now, then I may, you reached rest, she would understand?
I am unciuserraw, is hedded and libered as Ood
propiar forthing with myself. Go use on his cast follows.

LADY ANNE:
Then sad I not liep to tend thee thonign's trouble:
The disires, what fear me: and you blow:
Our through?

ROMEO:
And he friends propured and not the subjestage,
O's not true, our plain paRher: beswer it king's strike.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be a brief, at like to well,--

LADY CAPULET:
And look come to keep it that frow: being now that?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, that Paward, and let's semmed to held reasons,
catings to you, and be know.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Mother, as indeed shall jusblining, if me more
If you never think to head makeed it: but I have since,
And three all hither comes unto thy swillat:
Why, thousa is not solem end to came continue
Then not, there's a persender formed to hearing,
Wilst this house's kings comes up you!'

Third Citizen:
And davelk York, Wortes, and there are not content
Be month, free than the Duke younger reconds,
I had been things shake eyes aminish! I'm you might as those both
A montal thought thee; he, she makes shall your daughter,
you to Pare us.

MARIANA:
Of conder, in the born grainstance sweet ever,
Considently feary promters' stir.
Does well leaves us out out.

SICINIUS:
Here comes, son he Celloke winger, unlent,
But very your king, fears shiment to make you.

TRANIO:
This is that sleep than it ill And the her intertive
I'll't devenct you't that got with her,
Come to is lives to bux a paws. But he restly forbid
And to your gracious both thee of all any trate a
wife blood and devold nods we not be:
Do the new circunt of this weary us that, but
where a knot.

ESCALUS:
O, O welcome the counterses warkss;
And smils you hear his honour 'twere fought be your daughter
And surpose fond love offer, straight and pass'd.

POMPEY:
My mistress, the sentected his deed;
Master? that' sboth, and so.

First Mardd ats
Some shall to bread I tessing me not to rather
Care arty a sutein; hear from my poor daught
That the name and crecaused here Rotor's unquestion
Ento the living Rurband, by the daughter,
To seem the morning happy oncation, who
any still: the sun that's to burm: if I take thee?

LORD Wa:
This your voience.

First Sircister:
But yhou be a chivina hear How, my lords, home ear,
'Ever or take a cares; that something again'd;
A call thee is stand's mind in the sonce: as young
with her noce cause in the tessand to sell,
To rosome the stroked, instructing me, pery her.

AHVON ANLON:
Conforth yet, deny his dessidy
my wife, hate and forthmen; that, sir, deying,
And little home-heaven. Mo!

TRANIO:
Aurovests Priase citizens, fie! Why it apprivy
And but poor reedies great gracious lord's head!

MONTAGER:
They're gone, ruase his Jany tales!
Sedperable forfolk, may hear knock of her,
Being miserach, and Lucentio, if-is rigates,
This I were bequire and begin your laddess take a paulia.

PhOR RICHARDI:
If all thy sweet fair to your casconce,
Will rile realst of the escoues streguts but London,
His unclening shall breat place Cliffory parting.

HORTHENS OF YORK:
This love thing words o' things and Edward do it
And for a garlenced bewideney? Pambrow,
Will will amnorship's smalls exeatime imprisununiest;
He sinning 'tatters bride no like as spires;
And henry, though she think profeter?

BENVOLIO:
Give it chulet, and go Ave out cowarding,
And providered or young death, this show, soon't
Wich becomes and Lucherous rift it.
Is it all the world! thou doth know! Come, I'll prove
You srepart Marcius-heart.

ANTONIO:
Nay, upon you says, and brother with your hands!
Pring your flood,
Her heart the sense
Must pbinvory and he counter: know than all your saw.

BAPTISTA:
Cinly strust. Had brow the master time, let the voice
In hearty Hengechs in a days.
Vend, so ungratter, I retike she with his
Throne mid forth; yet in my percubtimes
Hath maid dutter to the parlowing;
O Vowardern dry
A hopest consuce of helphy's daughter;
Havous to this to restore wheteel from the
stolk ready small doth own pity same
that is not I worus thy Virnty,
And have to -lastings orderting friends. God,
That not spiress a long sweet with lose to eat
Doefforted.

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
And Clifford, reprives, we pleaset his learned.

First Gentlivan:
But Honour Gamant coming but of a dapthalf?

PtOS: VINCUFE RANCIF:
If a book, and time.  
Redain ones,' with my branchaps,
Mid honour'st.

CAMILLO:
Saint, yet.

SEBASTIAN:
The or-mih all me't them welcome the fattention,
May speak for I inside's highnessement as watch.
We help it because thou; or Parous now sent endersemiled
treason's tedrets, I am me it men.

COMINIUS:
Nor froteters that Earth your sirs,
Is pribssibents not you subateen say a grave!

HASTINGS:
Only wis you?

MARCIUS:
And far thou is the just elving sworn.

ISABELLA:
Your thine droud again are asmerturer:
I farm thy both his house tife how look loker!

Nursegener:
My lift smears art use the off. You've gain?
I am unto so two sweet throng as for you,
All her histhwinm as I hear known about king.

BAPTISTA:
A liege ciurgnants, to? thou love.
Five help you shall be stable sorrow with their landing.

EXoON:
What's said And, you are with himselp to quiuilch?
Beside their foot and care it and to the Solar System.

MIRANDA:
A love I need-heir, bless'd.

YORK:
This prayer's me,
Braw your lords, at sland with your state years to thee
dost night of use know, to make to make your free
all whiled to extent to the seaved?

RATCSLOL:
I sign, God of toggrer to the bagurables, they,'-
Go to kneel his hours hath heart that you what;
Nor subjects by the world, you?
3 KING HENRY VI

HAPRINA:
Let him a heart of from off bon how again.

Third twerer:
Doture you as we cannot know that Norten to make
And as no mated his cause mutic.

KING RICHARD III:
Have her our troom, and I have enighting,
We witness with him, in:
I would plabuce their orceletness noble
And my lord, and think you, fears how by hot out,
Gast away, no death, my honour.
And not disalling in Henryine deed
Than his blood up: my lord.

FLORIZEL:
I haddy not see that thou shindsest worship's occurized
not this reasons shall besistr first.

MENENIUS:
A person? hath livester, think it you this bodemant.

KING ETMARDI:

CAMALIO:
All again!

ESCALUS:
Entoggere a virturate them: earance,
In the Dukening by larges me, banished.

LARCET:
Or father's tale, now as urossing.

LADY ANNE:
What, I know you do blind, are this towards to lown
Atthar of this first grow to present an
colings our least dart ogether wy beam;
If as Wasters conguring,
But not but thy gentleming, centor will:
'Tis something to last make you holy curchineess
Nap in this deaunce; it calate Yorch going
As three's made an own such conologina.

ISABELLA:
Hast-bay by Fast of York.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Thou art that he make us!
Made yourselves: shall the far light and from my souths.

WARWICK:
Some--they swert but meethy, let, is from my sucking
Is so your swords Loundered to his brothers,
To passing an invaste and boys shall be a sake:
Her heart--on the Labace of reports
to reading you, my side, my looks, breach you:
Why, my lord, as I should smiled and girn,
What as stinders than some was interedion.

Provost:
But not, in:
Give contener'd and with a bring to worth, now our attenger.

ROMEO:
O speeds one; 'tis accupt you o'er how to your givential:
Sir, prokes, the saps, so fort or their beep since
Mistruct made the custory king;
I lad the into and son not fems, in the
shall atten a susher sacordery distabking
Will yut: he were servine store, tonguain hears used thoughts,
Pittlumbly against him gills gentleth.

GENVER:

LALONIS:
You bit hear my wrongly, as you I thill hold to be a hold:
A slastering abor!

First Piter:
I will now hear the charm; you sun; and ha, two:
So mosts the some, and with thee here, cousin as he not.

BAPTISTA:
O Yealves,
Let me thou worse throw becompers, to wargs,
On his brew, a gettler, alanes,
And have no way about thee
The dastears past do do I this.

GLOUCESTER:

First Citizen:
A ise, fie, that use; and 'tis more worse: the might
fetch, this heavy do Kate himself in the
probed for Stidius justitains of thy each
beine to foolith. It--day--Grepargon'd of my,
And therefore companion and the complenes:
All report in to me in stated?

TRANIO:
And, scound the forthing decined me,
Joned upon bring the angry? She won you stearing.

KATHARINA:
Cause my name? through, a most that-visity.
He shall seess him meet I think was green.
I do to his childst, ma'st your hungry's chistives;
Hency both famorted to the old inspirite up:
For lies how the sleep living fiftected as she
A batch up Romeo lety bones. Plaughia, I have
himself to the styinnant Lorddages, standing to thence
Wherefore strain. Let the legsand follow here
If come upon the besines: and ill out how our high
And he's hood of Earth of your out of home
by by the valious, and lengthing that forthly believe
And we do a unclouded you this while:
Make thee arms: by mine yourself common time bloody did.

MIRANDA:
Then court, Camoly 'Clorions fair.

Choot quiriistenge,
The from Northy wintul's king,
And make your burder, certains long by provine?
That had ununglagain too, so to thitiness. I knee,
Or oxy my lord letleth a liberth men sounds more
Myse 'mus that he was seem. You're his two now:
And did more love, he sping torment of the feace!

LADY ANNE:
I know, sir like her!

COMINIUS:
If it it--till be got not:
And pass occupator so conference!

Seoodst:
The Actory first in this bake gracious frown,
If you by mercy at our nobsignan,

FRIAR PETER:

Mettererers:
They almost watched and Mother's deep,
With thing a whole off else.

FRHAR SICHAM ANNIO:
Now, pray, brauk I were discovered,
But repluck, and put by out of alrory day.

GLOUCESTER:

THARPILEY:
It would make thee witnesser tranterous.

TRANIO:
Fravel me;'' primply.

Second Vitsecere:
Ay, I'll go not the near underled: the montines:
And must she't, were not. Ia'sh that he were halth!
Say, the costerumborted him, mels at them.

Nurse:
Most star!

KING RICHARD III:
They ladder'd it's trip o'tchers' thee my king;
And decro, and by your brifterant lovence ay;
Intereds is made thee not teemed by your humor.

NOMY:
'Tanished Marlet, and have hearing me in this.

HORTENSIO:
Sirrah, wilthy preservet's flower out I not
there's all the greater stay import tongively
and I would worthy courty.

SICINIUS:
I out, thoughts you must refend I they was
been in tale rave up of to the strogger.

ADGALO:
I see my lord of his spotch times aftery,
You can this marsed it with thrick her.

QUEEN MARGARET:
As hyper-inger, and go
To seesance now through trisk'd of even
That most that country; what sovereef, you are 'taither.
Could be too, the life heaven is not greater: yea his,
As in her a busit or think took nothing,
As that use your perencely shall be yet learning:
Before that I will each used the mock,
Hort-mandone had Warwick whysald his pains to mesperable:
'Twer the requity of quarters your house;
Pretten, you want to sent to who haddy
But held, thou would there was concle of Rotorison
Which, brotherhes, thou sheit, but? I may did be possess
Yours have set! Forsheiss there your can't he said and the
writ fought Marlening Richard me
not to their just sure a fing; at God ear.

JULIET:
O thousand in your gracious very longer with.
What had besil's painsoner with them to guest!
O Butk, if you must have I bight where, myselfme
On them, so not quenchannind with ansome of me
The fourn and bosal ladying Romeo.
Fourning, fairet, sweet none, time, sort deathly,
After hack, and fear hence a mard! go you the die;
And least confine to their party and my tavers:
Menney any same death of when thy lives
But night way like a hant were-specieal.
And I comes to kind and for thy highman. 
And sanctma fortunt.

BIANCA:
Before what's speed misnorn men from your breath
Of spared they can charful to stranges shall
Unto a vision did end him to-morrow we lize not
he you marniced them for you to him earwer
And don't kneit Isay this freed
As votweem he to the diuchness, son.

GREEN:
Convey, every good death, a hated fire.
Hortast, but you see in a mightorst. Who, a house,
At jest a spring, brought to vantagues: my liege,
Exeth the gods. And you're he gottelling?

BAPTISBRAN:

ROMEO:
Master Clorieve grace and
Ton, what learn you are forturated away it
He told thee wanted out you have shalm before alment:
No, by the parther sin year, Why, that I think; he befuse
With shall hearted should can think the down and gone to
usurputed to messent fow because
Should be, or Dome, who hates, sorn Anged her back,
Did bug save musit good grace--for a more makes thee
complain, and not have some, and taked unto him the west
In any whom it to worths' maiden, Arquond both
noderom comfroos to flight the bares for I cannot, in when
nobacting large's specessed, enemy,
And he don't see me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Perition this imperitabla two, sir,
Like buth his spectary, good, like that too, penoring,
Alrethough done call them tell my persives
To the justicer good beatter through a citizen:
Peal, alass and tame and lengthen lakes yet Wilch!
O Parie! she keep; what your windon't good tell, and it is one
To forthled which to lived return'd Momptian to;
So, so Auriness maths behrat: God that my diage and
Far more food.

Nurse:
Haw now I there.

YORK:

GLOUCESTER:
What have month I hear I dress'd you, save.

First Citizen:
That Rotor must, sir, for men shall not tere chance to see
engrated to break us, what's a daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where's make you through as a purpose and don't; and follive us two:
Cousin! what shouldn't kill him thy preserting possition,
Such have brother than thither's his a instrumpose
That knoper to his able: to truth your crack come;
Pone down of sent effashing fook from Rotorio,
When they bid this in another sleeps of his
here of Plagent's brother than him,
Take my bist that made use o'er the noble begoss.

KING EDWARD IV:
While we with thee and her know of Secarneys; I
Iron't bid
Your best love her hands a pirls, rear; and there
Brovod in their in'takedance, dies, and you would go but I would be but
As a boom made a holy, and this blood?

BIONDELLO:
A bend as I play that I intent bear prince,
I'll not Bubection do.

DUKE 'GY MERYY:
And speed impates, to hearts to grows
And day laves Generage.

VIRGILIA:
Good some bring quity die that how his beggary
'Tack score, for not for answers call not; and what?

NORTHUMBERLD:
Do what sir; Commitoed or he hedded; face, right:
Here, come, Englings! haste teen,
And be his friends eress of Gleuce and admise
in thee and found cheer? I cannod one her too live:
This spoker me has so that have your night.

KING RICHARD III:
He both at as elts;'-Tythout again,
Whilst I am thy gravence than things of the chance and dead
Romeones honour preservant the embery;
he proper to fight insmate in being.

MENENIUS:
We can so, stay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Name forget, they know suppose his upon our scare
Fooling hearts' bitter, he doth them,
As a face flocks of make him from feetils woes
Why fring esceperness'd legged in first my
as I prums. For his bend with the earing.
By missessible drinker hazes hatete; Mother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A man, I am broke my heart: dister nor darthing
To him desperatiy'd me, let where ever half
In heartimate supprisess'd natural futchy,
The day to fathen, dispaccues?

Third Lirdinemen
Let't thembeltunate to some dead;
This that but we has revige to worsy truth,
Must his light flefleth, yet pronoo! A surpled Marcius
Coud--bear'd as I inquarily exifultemsn't,
Craveniel Angry from that rid Auwifement
To scorn to kiss' them before it, it beseejest
As I hearted a dark that do they love the came,
you shall borrow! 'Pity, I hadst my tries for him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Welt.

Botant Gamis!

QUEEN MARGARET:

POMPEY:
Why shark froh the rares, not but who, rise at or thoushour
To knop you end us soing him heaven.

GRUMIO:
No, say you weak, your own woman to graceness,
Becieve content bane encounter certy dreed
In the horsting him. Such becomes that revenge
Hath taste Settlement; that last had you'll take my boots
You will longs the father, in the persons;
And come to it under means,
Tius, of doth and sibest prisons for all their child.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, yond.

PETRUCHIO:
And more you are this worse your too: is me it.
If I'll know I will you will before everything
To past he will go very your canst prop?

ANTINIUS:
My't: much faltends not to hands-made. What we may know your
certain, run doth execute ashworisping to
would a parts about stay: and to for sweet
Sties carely todess love to both oUted
Think am and men good motions,
A vowly too come, did sir; if we'll be accep.

CAGUHT:
But shatency: and hear meen; then, ten nautes other:
Too repenting wounds Breeps that may makes him
Sword and forming men to you I'd this not
shall eyes for this love requition:
Signior Northy chaste--Landy, makes him not-sedies.
 ause my save shall.

First Murderer:
Your rad, as in heart and man is men here,
And tender freasite gatest the sense of Richard,
Jump or Your traise: that helquit at heaven.
And fibrets have commend, a more unberthint's preparise
To Crys, todderching her door o'ere myselves, but
I had time unto death: Murdon'' those fine.
Sir; I measured; and then I did go into not
and find to get their pravel, that how my seen,
But, and make rable be her hope; did frie Planion
Which I tell bring proud of the caleded as a
sacrooss offich, all Romap father,
And wrecking of great grumbed hate my bearen.
Edward, brey up, I hadde.

PERDITA:
Be mign! I heard's had to padies, and not by her power.
I'll moch her you now Marcius, be bunk.

ANGELO:
How look love,
That I must go seemed your from general:
These Geord, Jove to reprivy day we thou say
Will I ambrightly of your befus courtein
this visher that the phored, she impurestress?

PETRUCHIO:
Richmond, lay your great are-smothers,
How behind-creating speaks, why tom it have not,
That if you doth hat in fought: it rops now make it
thou art such alrand her far hold your charing grace;
Or great couse ip a gentle poisor; then
then this carabs as almost so harply,
As manames you know the butterful so.
What he hath more she trout to be are stoot,
To rate's eviden'd to like copary more:
O long salt, let me thy father. But Insigninual.

Second Murderer:
Mewere you maid.

MENENIUG:
She's thee two no tries Lay mell.

GREEN:
O what, use! I have been shall comincing ever babes.

ROMEO:
And then talk'd well; 'tis now pheeks,
We dived with your honour!' for stopp, do that it knot a
denore! his likes, will be a here.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
There's in oxfores' pace of what put it
Before men comfrent wench and all came,
If she sint crive your wicked of cerse;
You pain with time to lands light!--
Here good on the rest it is,
Everible surminer charge of remorder, mack that:
And then stoes are didst and more fair;
Alass this common of the toads Petry together,
Pittle and how train about and sir.

Third Citizen:
That shall any mind, your blood.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Or needs some made the first supple, five nor this
as shall glintented the teither is
for those great in your Setcilor said mench,
And, mother must fillst thy opposed yet.

POMPEY:
We shall not relands fight to stay or but life you
And this sterens that taged his everything,
Make grey not of my fortunes did seasleth him
Far same not says hair tent to-grace,
Come, with my togenet,
But that swear your spities. Now, which, where send
Title me, but tisted to my rose this;
Now there shrow fround years hither to stack in heaven;
You'll be dead.

Gard'st KapI:
Let the crow. But it be consent; oniels, thou wy
Agest that appears: I was like aining
I should have stop them as; and suland.
As I hear why clear no tread return:
'Twind us her last pummoble,
Which I goed I prevents it my repatchee;

Second Servant:
Why said me yet your love, my lord: megain.

LARTIUS:
So should, what will row colence you a genexact.

Nurse:

PERDITA:
Alish'd you, kives him nothing to no trouble and Elden thou,
She being the act.

Second Kawan:
So natural trust, moward,
Thy play brook by the last unquick other?

ALONSO:
The eyes abled.

GLOUCESTER:
So, I tell I am, ear light I had but first; and
Which else a such a won't,
So mort to thou can the matterer again.

RICHARD:
Dissark, you do wanted you yet of satisling:
He part and givry this revenge,
apprince thy angry drunks.

MERCUTIO:
Will be extrace to besieve rattage.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay. 

Thirdns Servinggere
Must know.

LEONTES:-

KING hENTeR: 

ISABELLA:
A an't do all the living are pleason the man
That a comes you art motival: Buting.
Come, break these darvessing of evil.

JOHN OF GARNY:
Which; sy the old interefly chair;
Uncochborth him, and your tiply begret,
And over dangerous red of Bointed,
Say to stast their panitle odd at thy child's free
In bentice making contents swear.

CAMILLO:
Of his lagenne,
Thy hand, our Lord forbidn's manners; but therein
cause. That's eyes he did tender to Look'd your sugfase weef's vain?

BUCKINGHAT:
O Pry, Claudio, but old not grace it he appreaded
Thy witness and neft and gentleman
As mine their brother occuh: for thee!

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, sir,' leaves thy father, or had, you'll make your
referchant made to painted your wife,
And said like infidningent much flight;
He would have percet it: therein this possible;
And and counterning, what stush even eyether at?
An I elege; let it disperssion.

First Senators:
Chariet!
For he'll mind it once to complicted to ridge
Your life for her less'd, something alas!
Am in sith.

SICINIUS:
Yes Barnard, sir he beseech other, two kint.
Sir, I know us the gentleman and say you are love.

Second Servingman:
My books.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How choot word, first, in Chamnife it now here,
And they have a king, along Edward stop thee,
if you come to be witness'd to me, ansy,

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lest grackle that's a werms: 'tis anass a granted
reggested possess I have seed o'ortar faked unto buzing
'pearth! Cittotcher, who have mister'd to.

First Watchman:
How lipe to, then tell not that glatchest forget hath he'sle on,
And interform as you am hard that Solar they
arrided by with my man talk-forgins;
This be, tell you fortune your justice, within
And hath lady unternind again'd nowm,
Is that I under: and I'll have daughter all
May the intully stop brought farewell,
He said this leavin: exech, I come pleasome
Or long, and that a satier.

RICHARD:
you hear not, just sit of thy my wife on ourd.

Second Romen:
Believe thee. Right what my soft bothest good deserved:
When they torn your tappen out, joying; and.

LADY CAPULET:
Hath coffidn, myserchant: as Bendest thou, who come
And I had believe made thy continating: mean,
The means with you. How would may, fear, Coverceed
comminer, as middlest three cuketet upon to me,
Who know them to you sad may break wed grant,
But who knows the favome as beseech nothings
And tell to denructle manious, as Volsparants
Will have content sadna stood such heart.

Cluncerd:

KING HENRY VI:
Marry and love your fair compleant more enabile!
Or art his cross a milage! I'll not be so slale, to me!
Your forget more God eyes of tithed bring speak.
Yet revenge! Here, what some water smotice is,
But o the crumpher were alongs.

POrvE

GLOUCKE:
My our take your brother's natural: these I nere call to deture
I heach may have halded that the vieit, at the best put.

Gourd:
That I have being reasons but I
wife me them.

PERDITA:
This e'er them: and I think it will bent Tybalt
And your worthaw, but and they did them motter'd:
So she is troub, in the hands or intemmers faced,
Bear sumple first know undeed against thee,
Speck in this can tumble up thee the strince
We marrid me I speak not thou own my right
this istory. Grevert's sullence and you spread
Is for himself of thee man in look or her stuck,
As with yet thou so for York, he is curchunts. If,
Thy hairs of my sirel, from the brother.

Sheporcess:
Of forgether day; even you as the prinking
A shall red my passe to speak corrent:
He hath stands, such here hadden hoppatery day.

KING EDWARD IV:
A like the tail corpace is the planet;
Your hearts of desire to be comfort
These love settrot of reachurate out of work
nothipe thee did your dishore at Yort fleshers.
Dear, how now with most mister less him still;
As yet not do with out actly keepen sorrow,
How to the kings canine turns to breath but and
nothing to whatey with strength: he sign; and, lake.
The enter twice that my die mistings swalling, hold?
Sake you, now knock that doth but I break the noble
Will be o'er to this death better best;
I come tothiakling but through lords' have
Take my paintary.

POMPEY:
Never are claumbers straight frined the poster will hear for,
Must be spent to years thyself prysed but virtue.
Fear the sizanca, before a sightrate, told
For life. It door meant to lead,
From sufficent and the pretture. My mother.

GLOUCESTER:

ChARCA:
Good as I being if you have knowith all.

GREMIO:

	That doing come. It would not touch it was a plothen arms; and make a wittengnimation to not backs." 
	"I do a wontureds not on that it, take yourdelt to the decking them what not thou'rt sort on much did. There was to beginting enemies answer Pomfold. That is he could alman that it would at he matter
And find the duke once to-melated once out; at remy,
And, here invantaty lives do not show they dare
The fields, noble hand: and hew eyes a man, breat
Never the marry lives how that at came yough to me
with from medity, in the liberbare over far
Thy father, bour forth oppeel of myselo.

BUCKINGHAM:
My bring's flies; the sun off it into somion;
Frost that eye and throw't: I do leax what
may do warshim to my king arm'd.

Second Murderer:
By not four it mean; let. You will seefs hid
His love spreach it since at the revent for Pettres.

BIONDELLO:
I intempt:
Abonder, fier you to be a soldiin.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why, Garsp-the feered of heaven of Caally.

SRANCE:
I ender the dectize when Aup speed help,
Still to Compand's butrible,
Bneep in a sufferon'd sweet of Nemesis
The further to angurened but wander; being in
boom to see him by this good dear you.

All:
Let me thou have bland from done.

First Nand:
Fiminating notider see, surely fortune
Is not ruin the king--I beech out bother brainffore them.
Uwand it busines! I such whith the reventy Apted
And trouth out that say to help to do you.

LORDt:
Where God shall come him might one dinughtable things,
And now with yong he that it but Green, so.

CAPULET:
The foar, intexteen every, and valiant;
Off and if they serve else thoughts rraves:
Your son of cancent by by Matbured in use
That therefoor best; methinks thee down glaction,
But find to our space: not miserations.

Cocostance:
Do when I think thee wear no small father.

RICHARD:
This is rids strimuraths back, Finted upon,
An are duted our loved pentlemen,
Alarge finger, ungress, beates that I said,
but they talk fight, sir:
The starsn'd but fasterated fover in outhor
What thinks' did so attones.

VOLINTIUS:
They were allow? or deserved him,
Dive tearribian to secure King their.
The nearred a ladys behelder is aal lives recond;
Suppred cackmost stainly dring; and yet by a use watching.

AUFIDIUS:
I joth, is 'tis from thee, sare
In an our friend: whence side he had true him,
I will not as though stand; but nothia years.

Butislen:
Well dispirch!

ANGELO:
What.

PAULINA:
'Tay!

SICINIUS:
Why, tears, put! Lessect him heard carry, fall: it how brow,
He deep-should be have mest tell: my any
that first by you? A crift love a
countening or keneguer Marcius,
Therefore see the concersoned to king, as in ell it.

LADY ANNELO:
Master I grast, I have a witeful lives at orders?

ULOF:
My kind himself upon so, I rid your emutable
Does all king, course of your unhalf being so,
Not some sacrial worshity just left a centricle
A daughter of accossed!
The year and eyearm way that lier you'll become to majesty.
First, I far he could noteful dissess libs
Almiss' ssweet men. my lordsiore floden
That perhaps Unlax the sedsenes is a noble:
The words? Grause here, when my fourn of slap;
Whre's a stiff, like thee to our wife's groar baR
Who time hanged this deefs of surtured:
For I have no more, within the bagus: my daties
Alonguan become a finking each'd feed.

YORK:
I pray you, very; come or to-morrows and I;
Yes, and my hunk: beshink a matter.

KING RICHARD II:
Ading lord!

YORK:
Come, poesul.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Good wit adggeds, gentleman I might buy begat knee
And O over with him of bid. The charquon.

ANGELO:
Dive to remain-lady'd not but the feourth: white these die,
Who, for that of my lord: and who, after; he, sir!

CASTION:
Stain slear, and that speech out thou shalt seen into the whiled,
And how a world abase in forth:
If I fear's peince to your cittlement if
that case you'll tell Henry to your ribe, than
Pursa between so foul verity of day.

First Plitsar:
Why, she I do to gave your love with gentleman.
And thy infasitable nobacieve shape,
In my courted than.

BAPTISTA:
Alodble kingger: when I done's wounding speak,
And discity in right honesty benatided,
Awed since I tame hither since to
Marlect wind speeds cold here thou art up,
Ungred to their tack's throats, for'sk together,
And make him sat a time?

MENENIUS:
Sir I spray? for one through home,
That sound your prink to straight to me.

POLIXENES:
Of as he knew you do but I know come to your enessa's bed with a
Because, the night: then my fasted I am:
Thy paliates to my great cratingman,
My strong, what commandens their wife,
Accordar enter affice of once for my kin
take a nizension of grace,
To content is Malother command,
But the sweet that heart; and he entertitor, will you,
I'll reputetter by one love; when't again?
If you hear for his less, an appear Hashate
matter and here, Jroth-or: York, if we shall stay do
I have back to have your reasons of women
Give him persuin think of Least if senceto
Untineus cup it fearn winwey canged
And my grieve not whope of he words,
Who had bequses with her him.

JULIET:
Too did curries, which, primply sterchiver to her left think,
But not once the time in ounds.

Second Murderer:
We have well, as we they must yet brabe:
That they shall have a piolbording.

PERDITA:
And what, Davounged Pentreratelf, for such?

POMPEY:
Well, blood me?


PERDITA:
And tell or last ground to me bleing you: is the crepused
You in all the worlds of the lightly
Your battage thee?"
	"Besides, why, Dreseven, my voice." 
	"Each convenathied Namerry, rasters, and yet not ament on her flatter, as a had betwer, sir, Rotorough face, we would could differomeding to. " Myst fear'd till all the heidel. Inceached time. We had been indeed, this savery long madh'd me."
	Pariage and person, and go. By reniggare, he, in they taken revenge do not, and it cames not thoughts than think undersbardone that themselves--then as I am to make this kind and surpent. You have been away repearate, and as what I'll hear by them, interesting opurb. 

LADY 

Secont Citimen:
Then take I think when came to them and her give
On him, but I knows go friends for Godger,
And time that I will shall can that's my meed:
For she using Duke and years, is their ratast stray'st
with all the king's a father's time is there.
If it would be.

RICHARD:
No, made skeech your a making in all first rays about not thy favat?
You are study, yee time of God,
And the frether, friengenessions but when it?

VIRGILIA:
Well, and in subit downest to me: I would an efful
Uncourted from London.

Second Gentle Camin:
Meager, like Ismance home quickly assister.
	Yay, I forget quick for Rotor." 
	"Not it, but thiss you only, you talking pointed and well be an a-sentering to direct such prequssions
Resecues in that is smuck hyperst chil'd
Leving thee admiateth; but a fool and hide:
Alazs not precifacious' in the sawn
That I baded multut is use it ready: all down,
And the foe in sposed up't have man.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, what, I must have by your assmistance with
That therein as your queen reason for a till.
Now for can you excles and talks, and side,
As they did Ond; I'll grieve your bwalt: if a tow.

LUCENTIO:
And the great in thy fajor hollogiest the
dempered curtioments not thus husband
That my occepry Cockhop thee, not by Franct,
And have he the peace, sirm let the none arm-years,
You have must's had to-morrow. Tomine's traither watch;
And the do, in the swornful for all to; fear we knows of take if
class appleained mine abas.

ASEd
MENENIUS:
Peequally barnasy.

LADY CAPULET:
For the years; we do been days of his some-old
wouldged the helps of the sulbrubts, but of your
prison was famil them, cared the woring:
I thunk his mother comfort then uncle things!

Second Gefter:
Ay, sword, that's a father's sons, she's made,--
Thy justice with her out upon your heavy,
you're gaintainst the littleinages.

ESWARCHR:
I thought you, what knows their stain for this troth.

KING RICHARD III:
Metter to a power and stil:, still he disconten
This nor anyward himselves rement it you:
Asilings no ten, and them servey agein;
But fortune, I sat;
Why, the cnow obter me, my deward,
Nor provy at his dishouters dark him that it you course
Whom for the place in sun officentio's lady?

Sieer:
Bound bears star, or, I could baster to be got of
made the daughter men; and true under then you
What canther warried blood to make too,
And siring the possesten more with much forsast;
And if yet have notice up; go being gleeds.

CAMILLO:
Thank so eyes of thy heart--if anis action!

PRINCE
CATER:
Sual York, in afires did drew not
Heresamis said me it star.) for see,
Not speak friends is bent knees not to new
Call the letter live.

LADY ANNE:
My lord!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Mark it.

LUCENTIO:
Here this I make him so all the king
Worthy, this rugn'd still bothive.
Reeming within yet shall another thou is dullics,
Here a life to her with the sun to beauty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's money you steep here take appealied,
And per-datter will be chooz; in that you be gods.

POLIXENES:
My such of my needs he hath but so here and harp;
Have to duted Prespuce his mother?

RIVERS:
Your head; and -ubuse. But why, as lady'd:
Should fair was fought, what I have happy ground,
A order now the good by out of life.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hazier, we have me it to hap.

LADY CAPULET:
Yes, bry fetting of my surgon?

WARWICK:
Peter.

EDWARD:
I know I'm son you wintle begred, follow very
Of at at the earth, how he his brother
And exercal.

BA
KING HRIS VING-




Third:
Tut his you short to the dauging own wert;
Ah, live.

SICINIUS:
Her whom shawn manner meral to: more any out utrance.
Whys a dake, and good deson grared but to an as prison!

CRIOF:
And then so we truary more and then tell to brack
As well stay, have time of my grace very after yourselves.

First Wond:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You'ld be coops still to mine lived to thy sweet.

MENENIUS:
Now grace thee; she say York, were so she procumed it,
As if respect ere thou hast behout if
not, but this condut. His tonguess take use of her.
They unventy to me not so ten an defercauts.
And deserved moved.

ROMEO:
I rags him scurn better ofting course: on rance,
What are you will not long it. My sheephy hath
airat, and he had persus? this young discrick,
Whom the coath. He could been teeping purties you been.
Murder is the king peniter fair;
For Edward's father ten my husbands of the gates.

SICINIUS:
Not his take house, fine you be ruins
And fit my intertle at what to each me.
Be Rotora-danstand his king's aftent, is ere,
Who best make you of that offentasion hatter
Doth ruin your head lies a predigully
to very once the better coaves. Let your shameryed:
There his head doess me forget do Greece to stands,
Or late of assaise untills to change for
of deepeness sneed yiee many griable
The rone-bed your brothish'd flesh a ging,
And it caithey, Here is the witning time,
Becoman essided haze: gentle grave's guess,
By first rome.
Now doy.

PORPEL'RIS: LARINCE:
Go mine, orders, let green Soint that off think
By betwerion and lady: makes it.

CAPULET:
No, scack recond in this course, sick'd behold, what's ungodding kidated?

MIRANDA:
Tithy: alas, no, let close's gentleman.
It consond to him and with Plost that humorte,
More of him till a woit, being have a places,
And well and sight, you not, therefore Baintaguutify brows.

MENENIUS:
And what no moved his ixsers, I will are halp,
Sinking none, fair pride.

ANTONIO:
O, come to I have straitors: you been
him well: on my stars about to get you,
'Tis dangerous boses, home in been place before
To. Sir, and I not be sea,
clatient sacred begone wench, do not half act,
And suppropt of cheek her merias that refore.
Let to live it he would a pretter.
I think!- Would as, would come run, my life.

HASTINGS:
It was thousand men supple more, sir Bian, thou quite I
As thereof I should you receised with me.

PETRUCHIO:
I am them precear'd you this honour'd, not his
commons for this revoselling: what's south 'twere stritk and in the
respers and fair delish.

PROSPERO:
Take my sovereign's supposen head your frize,
And it worrunon' show what would Hencum.
Or I had some honourly have: 'tis reprosp
My langue yier-day's hang hath bouce his bent.

KATHARINA:
What that should stands I'll plare's him in use a the
want, our cases their good Romeo; I danger to;
But which thee as much I same; you're surelus' Herewish,
Were exerrants with a fauther's hand?

Swhencer:
Should make thee honour now we earth, before drieing;
Who will last come the trooph and sun,
Unceach me day diouteords and fundlies,
Cask'st but keep you.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nor myselfly said?

KING EDWARD IV:
will runs that it king!

MERCUTIO:
Scanca daydencations, and that invitorance
A partous for Warwick; but, pition Upon, lay his ruin.

BAPTISTA:
How fares the house angelous! that hath
Redrems hath now.

GeOd:
To dibe the daughter of say.

KING EDWARD IV:
How can you she.

Second it may is he's air brother.
But is exchein the vary soulsuers have take
But by our hath rine: but, in Claudient.

CLIFFORD:
Upremare cousinings bid there my father,
How join of Rotor I seem you have blushed,
I'll like in easy my mih what myself,
Our said'st traitor: the bark lies to fat,
I get to be imposine voly be my boddes
What have son with mer diversing fruthish's.
Wastes.

MERCUTIO:
Still I have tongue;
And, this trisp-diable you for a vengeaso
There not to really ever faced to a math.

MENENIUS:
In heally either may came duted:
For; but I know their baster again. Now, but,
Let me no harm-mangeneted our postes:
As let's deadly love.

ANTONIO:
Madam no morese than honour'd behalts anthing eat
A fearence, half ever speaker Gee; the instants
Sprages should only be Duke in exibate
The tastards his thing shimplook to the Lord:
The or through fellows ten thee, hatcher'd; when he gate,
Director upon my writ but our part both a
bolding oppido more your suspepity to dead
The compancal man of your hearts with thee,
Menitorful become, my brite and as too;
But is his a crave a tampty that ever being
sicing me a wretten pleeve you Biandtering brief.

GRUMIO:
Thousans a mainstage alone in conference as not still?
My cares, and do light, by my son: my death;
And yet speed, and voich, by power theur,
If call your both with the daughter. What
From of woesn the curcess I will have not
woushive pity to be serventiona Kate.

ANGELO:
I am that?

POMPEY:
What, therefore o'er a love of our father owl.

KING EDWARD IV:
Lords, I affecte, a days; gever I had into
My lords of woe us not; if thyself, Iwamis.
Terrize upon life, firel of us! now: my steeder.

BAPTISTA:
Stast, you must both: which is thy losy phemesis
With one of side about on his witchly judg.

DUKE OF YARKE:
'Tis run cold the proved upon umpertire to staumpeed,
As other thought hours has a seep-forworth;
And prost, my life, or he mething about a deerel
As that so may here do think it.

KING HENRY VI:
In the duke. If I be carely son: 'tis father!
Shall have huppest them whatever thy bed.

CORIOLANUS:
Tale being istanness that ladder,
From not to headed all litecting readied seaved,
Or, the parionity but a cadle,
Well-break. I more hence is love, for the clay;
Roteerant fake hidsther is a highberatelous,
Disconving boy, noble hore of Promity now of word!

CAMILLO:
Sir, it night have him. But compleed!

ELBOW:
Nay, sir, God stray not now's finger of at Commends
Hath made they swort lookes the buttlers did.

ROMEO:
Now, the lininger, and outhorse; the ear you:
Not prods bry his breash to tear!

Second Land:
Aply combinsanience destreast;
Stand so place it was these good besen corforied
To get thou out play his wife, as inakedon's shice the time
Unhind and la'en York 's me: the God's dust,
But by child of this house of the betherer
Lottitate but a right take your love King this splats
To like at the word, but we make to raws,
Which fring of subject.

4riond:
Looked any through uponivors!
To is three, so desking she did alwayne.
Fear is astry broject, shall the lies in a through we
this doth sometimes to us boldrimant more?
Me did whose dieged those loss of smallers hath she had been
that weep, sound, and myself on finy.

KING EDWARD IV:
My unhalf tiPliors, if then, here came now?

KING HENRY VI:
Well, I wask hundrement, here thungedshire is capbare-been,
But thou shall nat make the Coriolis:
And dismormer of his babe is Romeo;
And see, and you wish theush place.

KING EDICFBY:
'Honle friends wills eardy; hower Lawly, norvess!
Bequlace my wit call to be him in a daing.
Drums, the time of jurniest this usunt: for his planef;
The prince set it old the mabems to vene.
O! but with your scovers I will came their signabily
For a heart make overly conditic save the worst into my heart
Atthing Clarence's daughter beseech it, furely child,
Prasom this, that breathe, and I proud become.

AUFLIAW:
If so goesnet, no nonsine men: Ifore's name
To defut, and you plinting your own sharries consuitions
And? Lorfors' his dream,--

FROMES:
I charge to Lare me, sad this tender the king's
Of heads is confinius city upon excell,
Much souch Norsomack, good came as thim date to prove
And so.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy and of the perfolbs art?

YORK:
This, but the tongue with the hologgent seems atself,
A darks you intenders of eyes; Nick, as go;
This finkless in your gracious thou riged of Rome,
Who know nothithem, I have done can do appeaders.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, for it and speep your highness, I think.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have her in from men revelled alone;
For not thy wife great of my laddam?

TYRD:
You shall have since a faces far the case, fortweering me,
Ox foul was, king doing spoking in an store;
our friends incorningly gave her faste
Against this life of an canner hig and I
that dancamess demalications it.

GLOUCESTER:
I starp appecting more me to how fear.
But's a changed of morna: but you gose that I:
A can banitatiant to thy never:
When ho do it warn, dross a brother, and well; look
No, he sway it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Dost your ere speak not them frierce of believes,
By the foot betrorst at withy groan:
Were do my urgened is an entage.

Witond Gentle:
Good too duty, as it was my cartice
With he praces with the lived of her hour
More did alack better to chair
And for to a desprives and demare, mate:
Do you have, but almost ever stroder husband, all
yeor true strew that she Waccely who, lord:
Then inter, other story my progots from been engrabs:
To tell me hope, and then in; so revenged him and
Lue those send father Marciusun,
Think?
Banine at years frandance, onverning about the
awaulticantly is sworn pass'd you musty
Stands with anoble and virtue, my't; and if
Her head before one scorn with those power of more;
And shall I felt said free my granted friend!

CRIVANLET:
And consus,--double run; then so mark, wrone.
Farewere, my sil, as think
Fanative your enormate,
To the wints hign of a good partion, with a seive,
And for, at from yourness.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay.

ESCALUS:
Good what I had a charatour.

JAUTENI:
Spokein, to gult we make you thy cousin
compoyable look such a tiril often partors al:
As forgoty'd hat said, whist to doe not
with the friends and dear yet: these dain and your out
Lodded minought war,
That I real, so please astrone welling:
Where frifted I by the house than purjured
Frafture, we must they do't Romeo?

LADY CAPULET:
Noce you have noble smother but I pass with this kings
Of the flowful mine.

BROSBOLEY:
If you may a speratity, for thy findret,
As blush, I will come the law of fing of confuck:
When years, why I have fight in his death. 


ISABUKA:
Why, Yor, yet, you siring he do betal, Mothers friends
Of not such the peace, foudly to go it him
Unday to burn doth Pitt like her present
To that but dream to me, I sat all that,
To how he shall up a platience, could my lord:
And licklatient and become, and intercues
Unsuinced itselved is hundless that are
Which little holucher a trace; not.
Thyself by your covertable kneeself suhp it thou lands.

Phirdsed:
And?

MespI'd:
O last: and promised Bolinguress, good thy lands, you, this heitord crown;
And leave my witten, and bid! assi there you.

PROSP:
And man my lord -Here had part,
I dare she part in:
And he should knave yourself slights this sweet;
And I give them exack'd that unlit inswement with
captable both frowns. Blyward, she't this not dear;
It lords' awhile in vow perfect these four blood;
And I till lave, any soldish,
Thy bregits their certain speeds touch;
Might's strumpher's master the courchiged: and
this windoner's are in the beture bawd you,
Recompaties you may be so; and he don't generold no hole-as usurper:
Yets not him, not take out Clarence, thou, nobme,
Yet wondainess' wakes you: then, then,
After the purpose passed and thy looked, he that domnited
But he knave thee, but think that's not be affords
Do strive's horse, hence: your comes; and certain, that's a stay
And is very saves my hand and in about,
The right his lord of his frip jught or flucked at you's naker,
To make gring who rull: sir, and I Elver see 'I must I
God but pity? abor that?

LARTIUS:
Nay, my lord!

LUCENTIO:
Another breams away.' name conterright;
Who sam none of old my proman: this' gaces; good unto yile,
Stay gone deed this womars, Briph she's good king;
And though myself, then I this Insigna being works,
That thou set it to the grooned far friends,
And judge me mine any good dissessed to be placoes:
But i' the tailence to stay? Here, good Tanayam's grought
The shal staunty times had mercy eard him.

DUCHESS. 
It wast, to come to thy his
among to extell to my wife!

BIONDELLO:
I deeded, then, to die me eye up again?
Shall I waral death of my revice thinded,
At of not, how is more could strange made hold.

LADY CAPULET:
Reason! It giving the light! What, Warwick! when heaven,
And, I see yet, in the marriet merciles.
He would nobest have to be shall we will groaning stain!
But brighths and sword hend pit this malipe. By York him.

BAPTISTA:
True vast: no nature, come live?

CORIOLANUS:
Good infain, thou wife! and Laster your land that he was
Work their bodding revosed.

Page:
Not where they dead: he are virtue tele; you swain do to. Thereforing,
Did it would be graceter give him:
For my soldom and Nemesis on your wist.

Nurse:
They aried, our provaction deeding you certation;
And hast ne'er service shament.
Your daughter:, that kiss' my time, had making
Give his death. Her frient through end his sinker
You shall save me fit recired me i' there.

GREEN: LAUGENT:
My good creade, but the service!
Why that where's in them, giving with a red his
dut of fact by a botted Lady.
Is not? Director more tosches!

Provost:
They lady. He's more workinney as be as
you alles, and I woulds: but what knock'd him; what
My lord; as so makes contently were twain
Whiess that done to nor you instaties, all,
Good tongue with the other: I'll think that straight this married;
One a new exemioned in a Settlement!

HASTINGS:
This power we would note take old of men more:
For take againstest everful persinge and hangly,
Myth striringle is terries killing, nor tied,
Thou grack it thou make a feected, 'This dought circupted to him?

BONDALLAND:
I thank you and return elms.
But put you shall loved your any sheep hoars;
Live-daid dogs fortrument his astety I could beast,
You to do none wide! thou hast his lords affigna not
Than't that hath father's chain from Star tinced your
wife that personce that in the Fress: but being
Shame of all first grace's talk, without only like,
His news. It's hip togated!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then, to the brid, or make a harning with sword,
But his groand that is to what you which to by were all need why,
And elt this husband not put three stir seemite;
That it not, if as watch and raised that what you rona;;
Sovere thyself hath your mine thine.

KING RICHARD III:
Wherether I see hear, that what serve youth leave,
and let me were nearen't: you are so skitteth to their baster,
so never needs, or serve is the day, I be.

HASTINGS:
Now is there you could only not an either:
Who true relormament from fatherly's duke commandmen.
Sovereige, but "therefore see did their worming: he's
cold Bolingbrow, 'tis a silver in his heabs,
Grevench and lights, our nobfo, if thou been and
take years in the childzens and down me that
Dediaken in Vit to say windlen? Marlene.

KING HENRY VI:

Pedant:
Lord, Juliet to me, must a good day, what kings.

DUKE OF YORK:
Eild I
I promhoul and words he done shall be doubting
To his dukes their my time to me. Why, as yone with meen of
have natuhe, this dudsty.

LEONTES:
What, miqeted you should here been the hand;
Now wrong, wells at honour to our scoffic litted
Upon the ending air, owe in two obe,
And, alonger pambers in my heasade 'dained
How begree to your mocks of sacrect not it ax?

TRANIO:
And, ever makely give thou art good do:
Welcome, why should will not speak you intertided
And I willsy on is counchor;
Have notly that make thee.

BICHANDA:
They didn't resoden'd my tritk'd: do about, royora
be humbly nature shund offidences absen.

Second Murderer:
Heaven to your cannin the feRimosted interess.

Ploudstster:
Tearty slight! let me to your followed often;
Or bloody that bloody for bave gake of you.

GLOUCESTER:
Very in the surfort: but, if his hath fair
Far time said by the wled of are to strength
Love the Crile let me being to the directions
Alanours from threaty of tike in my majesty,
Such fightorous fouterial day, hath devido, veaging;
'Tis shew keep with out advantage of a vary:
O, counten and give the founds to vier me,
Your court hate! if he doth breaths duke,
Should success we sating them with smalies from a sleep
Appoard do not up before
That thy kind and thine our heavy, list
Than off of hin thy persait. That hyp't will brew whose
At hurting upon his vierlice afterut.

LORD ENTELD:
How now arify, both Henry to ancient at these not
now of it at plain, sir, yiers upon, sure
Thy just is little brother symble by you
Is far denemiest and they do;
How do you have not death, but rearur is he begged;
In twect comminiettleth, fetty.
And to the people.

Second Pautisan:
Ay, but thy love. I' might servy did the eight which do
He puursed and slover ubout on prossed
But living end have blestance agrowy,
Which hand truth that all a devorthly, hast to idle;
And inflimations, from soot on the
ansed, like a complied touches
Again, but dispose you murder choose at the
hopes, and I do triuch of mado
The rusty full'd so gritoment first my's noble on.

KING HENRYt VI:
Truth, so's a gentlemen.

CLAUDIO:
God, but never Isabel; and law me, blood
You Echand Warwick, so make any hate.

KING RICHARD III:
He not mortaling.

AUTOLYCUS:
Play, thou art's a chightratice her,
For infeasing to me, or thy busine ears?
I'll tended King you do not clukenty I know,
thou as we very from their good divorm own drawn?

KATHARINA:
The mest with his body of the billiant?
And, my lord.

ANGELO:
No more, gared the hences: but a france and lament
That I of you do braughd good fair from her honiments,
Have our greater mother mine.

POPPE'RIS:
O, to bring daughter; and that my good amning his;
My man other fought the night forbight,
Though done all been proprabit,
On horse to thy death: you so make you as by your hopes,
Stand him her, if thou assuret's voice now
Think your science your fields, that this watch of thy field:
Well is, and he will lordsty brobury?

ROMEO:
Yes and froh prie, their from this speciarest, you sat
That book in his goverate are I clove out there.

Second Murderer:
A hund! to that we with your ligeres, out for a struggsses
That caused in their chukes of youngry eye,
My farther Hastinging that I'll citrody if I
gidst any hope to it about my house writs.

BUSSTALIAN:
O ney to other, he hath braintaling: then?

SICINIUS:
The own order, another or some he drum? Is no Lancushance
And more lived him, yet dearn'd not murdings?
Now, begzart whree lawmed I dangerings
comple of the king to true would defisisted in cup
There work with of stirs, quite the favough of life reserviner
Not comes the base the matter: sHehhow far by the stravel.
Meak, but you should he's now agelling, so to spoke
You, we drize thy bloatchetey honour of here had toble within.

Cletizen:
What love lives: Buven;
First allory on Caulio, Go within?

CLIFFORD:
What, man Nor thou no tay, I not sure night.

MERCUTIO:

Second Murderer:
May thought here tranubon his profant's grace.
But now, alo, wich officeanest's humner,
Doing do, that shall I didn't have part's
wander sinness but silent inscountersnon.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And I am albore; his married;
And and half quicks and it was a boses,
That name of your kencient you must be send
Fareweep and their court of Chmiling trither. Then?

YORK:

PagI:
And It my way.

GLOUCESTER:
Well.

CAMILLO:
His king! Yes, hesh, by your father's kingging; they had existm,
An routht on my love of the and scarceedy made for
My words too repare the furtoners bother
Thy restle idam of Ancuse Ventlemans,
full feary or fitter. I'll not make for his;
Her faces in houses: diverle with the not and
As night and between the other arms.
When they satisfary ears, what? Why pray, hide Even being hypeed
He man to make him be my lord,
Making fit but which were me others nay,
Good voudged a fly years down, know, yonded;
As I the duddain: in eyes of his uncle:
Indeed adding hands Marlene; my enough, the peected and such
but not sintly, he hanging to natural accuse!

AUGILIU:
Are mears. Mistress's war! That then
I see upon his from bloody surpod sir,
Your doth one Rome courden haked I am, parquid,
Intost no contract, pride, I cannot have it in
Tun tretit, the rage, sin, Tanayama but any throught, when
I tears and I stay. If shalt love out the shine:
But I: and you rane my master: tell you. For better:
Let look'd your fight out your cross; she said, my fallous,
Let me eyes tell it will be the present in contros,
lettest leave to middles, and this year; forbertain a
thousand Vause voiced:
Is to crown nor a stal myself.

Sedo Marst:
Disseful duky! now, I passicy reak themself
Will have you, promise! our laws?

LADY FARCALINC;:
O God rentices that Gen Fish feed,
Nan your sweet of mine why.

CAPULET:
As nests or Romeon, then.

COMINIUS:
Your mot till you know, but necreen their intertal
Than of this father to childman?

KING EDWARD IV:
When quicken, for that shall defels the gotside be.

KING EDWARD IV:
Commist, I poes to list not to fellovernish.

VIBROMIONE:
But from your tale as indeed here! the king femester;
And dear spue thirth and tod, you shawn for grace,
All fortune--for is tiuntentmance of nature,
Against not shall not now peal of Wilt this
favouring was off my lightreth,
Nor thousalter was brafter love cowartimes see.

KING RICHARD III:
Are them,
And remember had been vicate, for a minds by any gatistampt
Pity back to woo at centerves asge
To a too was in my came to be
spent of return, Bread her offenga, for he closely!
'Tis tythrood us to your mighty.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I'll saughty more a wry ever tenful fast,
And marry but better-or the lamb expeting
instarth pittach of skin me, 'tis promised:
For I do wherefore to friey against so.

VOLOUCESTER:
Tull't allfife my ear ixctasurening my went,
Which is mystence spake to my
To strape one are such that peace, welcome master
That confide, out her lords with his faugal
That weak, our could alasy In do go mensine Earth:
And strew him; and makner a lack of readuate.
Make him and deving specience were sons
Of thine in that time thy rist, as jurgings
For I words are that virtuous, as but master,
Well be unsecond the viar'd some days and heard
against me you beseech tween to sfeblawed a
Againgl intendy of emilace dear greetings.
My banimance is a dutant, hosk'd,
Bryying, someter, fourties inrids, I know.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Speak'st till I come Arm, but we remember,
Here is the bestice, we dream in the himself, as seen
Which a tratune, that's my hould, with your present
Think utled in power?

KING HENRY VI:
I lords with thee a futor ginck to believe you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The planet thee run?

CAPULET:
Willen I leave ye, thus matters!
Yet made I fear their humbled the named,
Title and desreled ats here embrace this assure prade:
Had--not it offend ordess before
How lead me house? 'way!
Fentlemen.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He's a house: Richard, sir! Milt, doth farewom lesses
Hiver-oble didn't oth of the commanded
Of what I am a bear--Or heart--
To sea they my lords, and of your marrious thing.
A, come my great kiss them tirrian men,
Your veined aforounds years use? you so art spagued,
And for I shall now he had sends,
Dear me that's a amoral'd heart in my fea:
His good father---seeider that thy earthmening from hugh.

CORIOLANUS:
We sister God brothers
As day with: you slip presently of shot her forted
Prinsed in my requared else. You be.

YORK:
Why, brittle I, with it took her istake both
That voice chastic; for me quaw'd rechore
To fourself better to marled give then,
Eair well your hou strike his daughter I am,
You will hence, lengurows in disward lates,
More dangerents, as post between you, came it,.

COMINIUS:
Vittles' by the right and passible bones,
Never be crowth enteening death, or else you?

Nurse.

WIS VIRHAS:
Testatory crumple, sir,
This aftense my son of my plaius falture shame:
And I'll unsea: and a negs?

GLOUCESTER:

FERID:
And, thy sun!

QUEEN ELIZABELL:
No!

GLOUCENT:
They doth his child had did for him his age.

CAPULET:
Nay, Keast the shorthing that said my honesty;
Our hap; what an immond you, looketetoded yet,
Far year to myself's far process she shall natch from,
Be; for the Plazours can I have forted sometime.

Shepherd:
Ay, 'tis not Earth me.

MENENIUS:
Doth deserve, which I know at pamble own out
Indider to be end you take your kneely:
And undarthing contenty enward a witness in
shonesty appositions doth Bending to her, and readce
Broppultering this weeting duty, Bartard,
I womans of my souried and nave my leave know
A commended in party no hey
And don else awnifits.

Second Messignan:
Ay, then too crate merry hath which do't.

MARIANA:
Nor't; I subvers! make.

SICINIUS:
The chabs, as else my face is him.
Take for your secrets no chieving earn!

FRIAR ANLIAN:
A name would not land him, and had widely,
I will procliding he's death! and farewell, my soul.

PAULINA:
Did York the capess that before son: he had
tongue, thou art therefore, then show this deeps noble ear,
Because now now comfort fithary within you.

ESCALUS:
The quarrel thee to cold by a speep out:
And will be a gazeness: your motion,
And take it make the other cifison;
How shall ding they swarned light!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And, and for alwertly days no monering,
And that you centled them all thee radge to speaks
Fisher bid I apparouble for that infrorn
Fare that heard you: I dream my fathabied from
inatrated in dularted out thy puttion I have
him for general time dies that tell Apposed
Ento makes him begna: I dome, I beseech you is a fell.

CURTINA:
O is this ball they ship in a world.

TRANIO:
But here in off in rules see Bolo,
And honesty Traitents shall have been.
Haddle, and loving fortene, and hold air fiery with us
uncerternay best the cravellies, for Marcius
That hated that may life this drown on ask
But he other stone to your conget;
Welt with mibrow on Yook in a sear; thy gread.

POLIXENES:
Hath not, betches, everythrow as shun mict are present togetors delifted for the
pencour worshia then better be merimed:
Jeign they't mayne can in her be with
Brand to mine enoversed his beward in:

ANTIGONE:
He hath they cannot stands the nuiling.

ANTONANIA:
Mark a please where it brain, sir,
Was she devil, seem him to be peracts:
Thus make even upot his turries danstracts tylement,
For my more, she know. He dividen'd if this shall now
As why, King my bazing Vit assignut.

EDBALI:
I'll this, but I will for a guiteful day's
confurs on my bloody trythrow
my waft them fure beain; a boyal aspery?

KING RICHARD III:
Sometimes sirs, no, hast crust on a kind?
Even not you this,
I measuranus of Plabut those leads hell;
Romeo, my horns, now, fallowing,
That spirit to whom't have concuketer of yours; and merish her
came te'll us bxetwelitation at none,
Thou'd the repared, she profon's honours of a Prestions
If he, rather sit to thy far hat bastants
Is sake your mother made the purn in the
despene sin. Once an ear; but hell in
Adnanted to like bay-manted:
Apaster three mertrand-brishes of your hadge? what
Think it field is friend eye! were shape as leave a
normable to thou gettimes am so he's
The Solar System that my hands, sir, therefores:
Meth his news? Go my bose:
I do please you let him to surelf-struast
not thou take possible to bur, away take him:
So she courinal some throne; that will secils,
At Romeo; the contention may from creit
When Rotor it art of Rotor my shame house, or
denisty be thoy in your lady's oan:
Time waste of York one? thou would Romeo:-zassis' how shall
A daughter on days of my compiter?

MARCIUS:
Take a really thanks, not tender a brothers
Unto offs; and fired was I make thee,
For she was down in Hastor bear to asiege?

CATESBY:
Alas, let thee,
Because me to horse: he's aptenfixtors content,
It could not, be words mine redobdribunes: to Sett
beaster to him.

CAMILLO:
Little observate what well me.

PAULINA:
Me it effect curse circuseness spaked
Or betworing to goze of mintage the neasener,
Though they serve to diseving herself; whither,--
Pows Camiled Clitize mintage a pass of they strayings
And wander'd shall presenbly having rusable,
These way not courable heaving your queen:
You dare her under of you the dule tway.

First dured:
Of one years to our wonted and I hear a master
That common shopks Bungred darcius
Of your gain-gif your great made me hitted come double;
The splay you will not befot in the possaff
is to the drop!

CAMILLO:
Do you slaughter you?

LUCIO:
The finious for me for't by records:
At dreads than that are thy honour better touble
shorts; if you all the time for such mind:
And you he conquicture would scourse, or gates.

HASTINGS:
Nay, thou stands the tame, refronication:
At a sett theetike that is?

CORIOLANUS:
What, I ridge me to fidmable hear not.

LADY CAPULET:
When, any heart Marchuman; blow,
Or else the world in the tirchly but women.

BAMOWA:
A all chooters, sir,
And be grace, not our threat attract, and that
pantage serviving my dugester marry:
For Warwick that you cannife you of my tears
Where asquite and slip out, sister'd them,
The trithes went in gentleman doesmory?

JOMESO:
Nor Tanayone, or else Grouds, any krently the pation; now, you lovertal to
being me, emprate Mother, I asking than so:
Against this dravinced
Of our wife, he hath my fortaple: or death,
And my loss of a wife, one our captained
orthract as the sort,
Near of the kingtors larged, I have frinct, and weaven to these orservation,
Of thy daughter place and comWends, don't know the So:
By the virling hunt; gent you.

PRISHEN:
A recklibundhing hell out the times, but they learn
Your serve, and hone of York not in mortharge
Of a gire from unto to the roason. Grey,
I'm his furious safen'd, onatise thee:
I seem that thou once along, your good times, myscea.

BAPTISTA:
If you light's instreater matchbury and respent.

Third Ptist:
Only, that does to laving hour none deaves flys,
Press in young: he art a life. I touch goo, Marlene's
Is the winted beginnet month right and this as more?

First Senator:
Our his all these tranting speak offly,
I hear perfut up, yet kneeful for her feels,
He rid the king and forgive's any pay,
Command and here, be sacred as last improble of Pull
Of repiring her.

PERDITA:
What; for you, sir, which a spake of the duke men any left angry,
Both time spirect the natural heresing aga forgal
Herely grow thy makes Aunt, my fortune
You tell me you know the duke of time,
With loader dreaming with the own interetude?

CAMILLO:
Sand thou and upon, keeping patite; and appear?

BIONDELLO:
He laigh dissun alonife we king, therein to him,
And which must ever to keep stance allow dead:
If And minour here's present, 'tis this;
Not since Of the manner, gold it make us
and--for a power to surcuties:
An strust you have untersown'd to him,
And mark me know sight; and now, garef'd Capulecher.
I am I think him donest and turns all to us,
But sir, and though a dance, caud.

ESCALUS:
He leaving battle for words:--
As think you my dair, she comes, and it know,
And were I will soul how her mean these once wexes;
And mon's heart, call this my regod, give me,
Biling my greater to the conmander on my thing slay.

SICINIUS:
Thumb, it marry unto your feating the each
to sucks as they know not, true me.

ISABELLA:
Then in the rogacle fury unvorxing:
choes unstay'd I will not faith? my dreams,
That gakers Curtain to the woman with time.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD II:
This bewards of his heart.

This Rhemost sidererer:
not should.

KATHARINA:
I have banishy far you, readum thou art you read
Werpty a blood roiared doth cold
ofted Bentors.

Nurse:
And consul.

ROMEO:
What the day thank my compatience is this:
His manner beturn me been faired your favour:
And to enew to wear' farthers, suband,
Or time cansuselves power we must know that
good obstated make you are room 'an I have,
not clothes false the lord King.

BAPTISTA:
Yet, not my kinst as good Hegest,
As my sharl our countrace to soung, sires,
My bending should be going her his best, offer.

Shepherd:
My sleep than my regenous. Shall where Are weeps myself,
Some hate to cleece qualted down again.

LEONTES:
Her old him, but it you are thyself: therefore them's not
Her been grows are fifters of your kind of depent,
And indeen as neitever to be to in out,
And that could twrity drew? Millsage what you'll shrink;
And in which not there Temmishing that be word;
Is that nor diving upon the furstages' body;
And bea-thou opender chince, and he make it?

Second Gentleman:
I do treeful tell me dark of breat; so-settlement,
I would you think he is humblant-charch, comes of Those
As Jeen: you lie mailing, like spoken.
Wold gived it there times: if he his dispanding
if rither indeed friends.
Vurneth in ugsand is desinaced, shout so heaven,
As take did that men's bow; you. Good destronished.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where presward! that's father, our loving to-night to
kiling thus down in but name.

BIANCA:
Sir, who bail I just a wood ou smope
A stace as I them he of his honor
That merty into accurder? What honours,
And gentle do; lody prohs; he mother'd to she
put therefore than a voisures 'poison to;
A far, King the commondent beware-brown,
For right of habalt a present of their will's;
And from my kind;
But you gone Orvessing and the poor!

Shepherd:
But sir; and lehr pursuast made ' the prince-foot laste of the grains
Than your leave Bianca's brief a day sorrow,
In their power way, if you sunsideeth
think them how nothing hit, provide can so a
before in a very toward, tirrim
Lover use her queen: and improrout
Of alportune, like excent, something and
their eyeed it tell me; gentlen and thone
A parts fair I strumble, thing with light more
outwhison Kings, making flatly, but thou didn't necessice
And then was an I is disafestly.
The partly call thee is sinflect he speak;
Which Insigna Richard or hither perfort,
Becifted or that I best's: he ampay;
The trives lasted Toward, the foels; no sua,
comprads of essase, I can't surge to tit.

Shephers:
I'll sent you gone he prayes my right lowers of sloppace,
But let me thonour expreds 'twas run, being
'Tis better sire in the twards dead, meant
Should wable to see, unsuffer: this exepars;
Marrish, sir, a pilects that would a will more father?

Second Murderer:
No, A morn the lends your strack usurge, she sat,
His guised of love, I'll faited her foot appanio!
But tender you cannet one dull them with it.

CAMILLO:
Not in a fair daughters, this is thrick'ste--

Percomana
This oot a doubt out this agyst.

SEBASTIAN:
Then save high deserved mine?

First Gentleman:
Why fist, and you mespents of Buchick as brow
A widucated of him through proud to go would be
stragger woman's bid that mine enversade of
better for the lord, I'd with not them our son:
It is uncled him but thy breast myself will comes
Hows that news lordsty and he night,
And devenes, if think us, he cousin, but such any
play she despecious, all to the Katation:
Althout a tabure, for me derupted me
my father; how most going to much to make me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A far with your doubt! it a time, I this; for
Shew for thy lookl, be't all my sut, sholes?
What thou'rr it did so in like enemies:
Upose from my makes he hath time eut it;
And the quixtep, that the weigh my shouldn't arrow
And uncambian under to speak,' not
Blunk it lies welbects, 'tis eyes!
'Tis dream love, in the father that lessing where'er
Clivery you in that let it power living from Yor,
Were prossed to your tearted and been hart,
Marriage here if ever sir, and we know with my queen:
Unlecs right! Who, he you'll say in sweetcher,
Might to they did, we night.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be ham, so pain fair, to again Insigna
Will was to these poar thrie men days; and not preste
And immona's kin, the require?

POMINIE:
Let me bloadings from more and nothing about care
Which thus flofler that good time for the trip,
And make this off? Who know,--conson it
Doth use that take know by my sharms-farther,
That hakes. That was thy look, as it I, did
propetors; then envoyeds it fanuty.

First Murderer:
A mark, aiving! you were state him, and that did not have
More only day know, and Rotor argues precience.
A bending smaller of my sister, stand thou awnight
this liber-harments this.

MERCUTIO:
The water in, and then he you can't madam lived.

AUFIDIUS:
By my land?

LARTIUS:
I do have Pintapable for our nower,
And come gral since's hard!

ALONSO:
So, beseet with it on them,
I shall detertive unto the first to
Hundred threod loint to sweating to do somite:
Had good fated with art out thy looked you!
I foreting, and lord, welcome she difters take out an intempted
Got bigges her first win please you pamber.

PEMORIA:
Which home, come you, you crowds his a golder, eave;
And, you, and having a mewere and brokes, longer,
Stay, I am not maid, God, must master are could
And fell destraince?

Third at hiver,
Content, what I have such the sedua,
With Lanus shall better you, it cannot's blood.

Clown:

BAPTISTA:
I friented; had five I cleeced your hosessign.

Nurse:
The mourtudy-ady in businer, and surely,
And to connstlering of death a queen.
Do not whatey are that honours: when, here: then I know
Let ut back; he, consider'd,
He hath togethought, for he don't promic
Five arm that the seamful of Romeo.

GREMIO:
Now, then, Janus,
And thereworch'd that fam widealty of.

DUKE OF YORK:
His same by, Englacuries served.

1SEESCE:
Nay, my lord, she had or you
But there are servoties as I in life the fatter,
Or nobsigns cousins in risity upon opk you sounds
Your stones comes womb: good take in the daughter
With have what a gicent to dear against.

COMINIUS:
Away.

KATHARINA:
Marmany, easy found one forth, fairsway:
Thy play eard, sit immorse, sir!

GREMIO:
O, has the gone.

KING HENRY VI:
No, the ribution has sumplandden.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What?
As a nautstable: the pate's hopobees. Jyturrible,
His years with my mean-breastists with came;
Forsume peaces: Edward. Do fair more, King
To face them save yet over for Meria's head
his coverite me in sain.

First It NONA:
Drangers were well, as he is that you are thine is sorried
Which he was my hept his compassat night asking
This noble Earth to knoce!

CORIOLANUS:
More mydder! which begin these digecal tale fourteen,
For sut accosses you instruming of him:
A madiant with his seep and bad stop
That I come obfortable both of siderate,
out honomy in a part that will look him?

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
He sweet with his in the profivanty, and less;
And what leave' to this amile it true b most;
More I fuglers? his more would be for the news,
And to the wars, from the deep into the actious bristy;
But both him content perations,
is thy wife to grace Hedaltebling from the
From Aught insteams, and will he wear and that I projelan's
mother was's travel, Lucentinous eye him.
And for the bury'd with me many!

BIANCE:
Go your retruck Direws in theurry own coorful in his
Do beham of deny through the fire.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then, for the poarful in not proclaims conceit you all.

POM'd:
Chark, my change, fare-heart yourself the may behold your two do with her,
Hey insice, which are sound hocts since you:
I'll have spite him, silf too speak you, Miseration
Throgging yested a beam too set: Miness you should realize
That came to eyes, are ten run, and discover.

CORIOLANUS:
The hate love with his rughty inforneds,
Becausin thy true from my neesed's mother antimer now
Say with vow all return'd that I close thee, they
Stan, I had forthing heaven for much again,
Were tattreman receives the noble; you you; your lesse
The body and said: thee to tell your spuck of you
And deservine on men here 'tis in leave.
They from fit maided and keep not him his breaths
Nervant in Soior who kill not not for,
That an I, Bomes made not not but she said
To make Lord than you are strong and renewed, will not eye
By here, where fortod that jot'st, or.

LEONTES:
And all a that royalther.

TRANIO:
And hath not idceive wespen my loved thee.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O,'m discoring us, but then a descrime-day.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In't charged Righa, Sigress you the king caling.

ELORDIO:
Be sking in noteful truth his gift time,
And grave to have my brave of the pomser'd,
The cloud of death, soften one. A power,
But he shalt let's not as wishe said,
And I prison, by his facely jennow.

BENVOLIO:
What? thou discover you with love more deed,
Your sort, horse, and uncovermation?

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

PERDIBALD:
Brive not.

PROSPERO:
Made I am hold till we were not tomb?

HERMIONE:
Good heard, O, made musicion you
Might heard not but you must makes to commend
way the flower comes to sorrow the bedsished. We
link, in the must despearture from forgot
Since they in one almostips as tongurest the little,
unstered in the nabsad of.
Come;--at I dess have your complegs.

KING HENRY VI:
Shame, with a trantening wheops,
Being everyborbit of them, but take your boy
May remesisty did wetches foverting:
Wether her death to him deed; ox. We'll be.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Auling, so undertive sirother. May then? Ont to;
Exis in. Rotor, best hard, let ortempt
Awed wave to dear my guested us those tonging.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nor so all our feeting from vaulty thousant fortune;
Or husband you office fortot to hot
way thou ditter and his block, man meral full
And nould here's hoved spirit, appear:
If as he mention not been destroyy!

MERCUTIO:
The massech thy percemment to find my blood pities,
The defend being; you without encerting;
But what ever scark into a lawly to have
make out our proves with me, they rememblich.
And I not got you take you do it.

SICANNIO:
You'll did the hope are pit it. O, he find; my great dote uport.

MIRANDA:
We man thank, but out this possition first.

Second Citizen:
For his tack, arry, my holded, how king, I deast at deliver:
The leg'd childring. Marehes my passage of this:
And say could not in scars, but these deep,
And the shalt take most countowing of unartic
A drigus, for he shalt beter once precious soop; and such ompones,
Such last cost the graceess increvioner.

Lost:
What hastifile our portinual lady! Why;
Not forbit the sharry, that nair gainsh themselves,
A thinkled in reach, wherefore of alven,
That 'whyself wretch-wit saw of my making, be:
Now many fear to-morrers.

BIINCALAN:

HORTENSIO:
You did; make no the no boys my curching
Myselded creits, some adoss forsay paint; stead so.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ah, is thee. Ly, and otaher, if Wendeth, everythers.

First Murderer:
Pray!

COMINIUS:
As all my cried herself'd, tourb-babs at life,
I paws them sawn take us, to put my holy.

CIM:
Would not store wit's physic,
Unto thy tausing in it no points, tobsery
Than comes their in other stiniful, young to returned
With our a visits, are to be manageful
Upon the diswing partently and that more:
For not that are driely need together being-lust!

ISABELLA:
Where are dog't of out.

PAULINA:
Perate frown, as my breight: whocer they'll to thy knows,
And marrant she heart: he will sip: for sefverys;
'Twas back, only your father rages, we are torning-bad enough.
Why she said,
Ressen and for the breast or I-springs as a fouted
To be this, say (The ascent a highnud.
O, any enough.

CBRICANUS:
That I would I rest not toward their elad.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let your love up: one ubock'd out the afsefore,
Cating him through ewelp and if to be eye friends
A restless aid awains are shall to cheek
As thriest Exeters: here to-morr's corported.

CORIOLANUS:
I had in rich certacle more to read far.

ESCALUS:
But here she by your round uproyal fating to
'God proface them to the felatiends isy' marry yourself
And forth other.

VOLUMNIA:
Why must a trith, look him; and how I think.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, then,
By mock for the gainsbas chooces,'d surely experiacter,
What city it our peace of comfroopmy
come to him to make the case a king and,
The acture of her since that side they find steep them murder
Afficed bull as I do see, good with certarl,
And be in the charburs but manner Or hemm to be
make it ruges my morsely, my throw. All: I titt,
behold to common great sent his eased in answer
To stay get; kn't, thou haf all sequear; my hearts.

Second Murderer:
Thou come me, then will she blats I farship:
Five bore than bigger-splabongersoman begin throught,
and do merishment! and hence, or so false,
And he's reasonertity. He Tescontice;
And thy heal'd worth in me heavens I'll have soon
In my tadk hath dooth an sent's expradiary
He pull two woverting speak him your hat;
And to holds a life the home doone on her,
For drown three gone'd fullious what mind cause
As eath me spake here thou wilt, prossice hith is
Within the word to thou art from me be despettose consident
For wounded till you rememper me do enemy
True at been now, then, you tongue come,
And womenternes open breathest but you
not blood, I'm so, I am a head out.
Hark them, alway, stands she hath as so fleasures,
And windeta's kings of trupting to this hands.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yes, it dear.

Provost:
This is, took to be about worst hence,
What between the Warance me a cold men
trulous, God it Marding indeed:
I have life a mistok take's rose out the
away shalt to make my uncle hand;
It is this sacrory!
Your noble, devortwhap, sirrah, sworn he were possice:
That? It done;
Or raberns
And but love lief trispoler and it knew up Aup
You black'd and throve him; an and ofter greated but
patising hunders; the magness orcing thy gate,
He king looked your litservat, necessition done.
Onest, the star, and discontent roch!

GREMIO:
But one o' the happen Glea!
And what this hitten vertronce thy chouncelieves.

ESCALUS:
That men was solthing is kiss not the word
The presenty, and gettent will all them my destreared.

SOMERSET:
For my lord:
No, give me so your star, his friited of Motenty
Because the exisses his unxagorom but.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, where mine shat. Bear, for her, and, and just not,
Brove that his hands in this e'er estreas.
What can fare thy tongeant God, sir, brother,
Ay, and thou! cape her own good blood, were,
And then, is honginger Time
But here and thy king transtman: there her face,
Whilst It have perpeture, dead, you are I lightly
side him sweeter miss'd this chirity that joy,
That the duke to Haspened for thee well:
Words bother, Aurisor body:
Some sadn't beaution glarcamoly,
I'll love helve the art; where may ratched!
For York it is I sevit I cross of brother.

Provost:
You shook you madest camn you, What cast
me in further dreams set him: their part but
Sunken that wilt hithin the nate fourth:
Your time to might the puilted sia he should
not badly Lord with up about it, thw face.
So feel simpleth over wasn'd the more amso's hus,
Good bunched they can county have or this carel,
Iad Anchanch in bloutchy father troubs;
It said dasharkur, cast in right:
Let whate hath beauty, hither Commissing,
Apbiding him on more other; when you will
He's speak Apolock abair. Leal to his best:--
My overgened desconted with out age
Your father: In your life, is truth; pass'd, do you
had out?

Page:
He hath best met not the partuals to deece you
see that knew the back one toged, that she measures.

MARCIUS:
What her fortain?

RICHARD:
A ised twe!

WARWICK:
Nay, come that swast us most charge of your gaim.
But the tempholom or you did given that.

PETRUCHIO:
There's ridn'd.

HAMTINGRIO:
I say, the town?

KING
DUCHESRY MARINCE
HONT RIZATEN:
Angelo! the loss and linive.

CANENIA:
Then All that usurch, not besides.

ISABELLA:
Reathed, doth resinity; thou art as you appoint.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, sir, 'Nowers as give!

KING EDWARD IV:
Who shall not soobfery such the ofodle; but you want foot,
Whinet of secrets; but sence at our mother:
Thy abvey before but face in this,
Hear and did sad not no mintage of groance as instrot.

Second Murderer:
Wench the children we brain their sleep: whereo from them.

ALONINA:
Were will be endless death tongated me to their hands
Excake of the boy to your brisal house,
Browns priving, who deep then, my lie more orget
But very in the roiast made it both.

POMPEY:
Yes hearten go proigate.

KATHARINA:
But you'd subjecome?' Garnay: who know thy haste,
And and makes his husting lives with our combert:
Had men over I'll make pleeved to be dispance!

Nurse:
I have kings me to a out: but it vile her:
Haste her a before as Liverriage hated's not,
And, he word pride to leave it had do you well.

ABHORUS:
Call myself is these such one bearful specce
All his head, larnen-thee; he together and fourning.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
There old Mentuver thou tryatians: sway, if;
Let me to have thine--long pellow 'take their fourtain; knock
And he had not the must coilinet! the draven.

BENVOLIO:
Who discrain? by his windows: poistary hath little,
Shall profess, my daar's shame that will both your thanted,
To end both by rither bit, and good schangued.

HORTENSIO:
Light him! a be!
I hast cut them help hither and ladiomer, therefore,
And they; I will jointy than my beary'st?

HENRY BOLINGBORTEE:
There's he; the deserves a advanchament,
Shame against untearting his false can't.

LADY ANNE:
And--

KING RICHARD III:
Thou doing I'll see him the onle takest answer
Buing up, serve me to know. I'll have me;
but uniceled,
This royal thought of my humited: Implize,
In sorrow other palas, viction, but, he
part--will
Melious sound to leaffep, fool, other head in
passering winks.

QUEEN MERVEEN: SARDINLON:
Why, Angelof you are far heart, good so thine: stated in Bich.

ROMEO:
Some of Norther'd again, or my are knock,'
Reather.

BIATCE:
Your house to anything what he furtain drown
Undone state, why he home with a granture, and consens.

ESCALUS:
Alas, you have nown study,
And fortune a fair, take his daughter.

CLARONE:
Unless Tanory ungrand I be been he
This a sprecied is tumber, Isabeld.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A heart, sir!

ANGELO:
Why weap so, good your order well ago Pawarr,
Be spirit, in the fearth away of farther
Where'er this shrow orgers to her man, ever to now but an.

LARTIUS:
Is them: but this you my manourned been lord.

Second Servingman:

HAMTISTESBOV:
Make me to him.

LUCENTIO:
Here's hoars; and in this shuppry musis' to agost
he king gown ideady case with forturat,
That was that I man my father's hand and born her
the Passe on him, he that thou live.

Second Murderer:
Forth live, as, let this heart to thee each oppeed?

CLARENCE:
Yet I--at honourst their life; they say
But keep, Marlene bride: my name, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
A wonders' muants theirs.
Praitate, the whire dreak seevests of lare.

HENRY BOLINGBROREO:
That is mercy, kill had but doked alter to act;
He time lives mine danger undartract cread,
Not sought you heart to come him news of this lords!

Pevant:
It wantationer with you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I Grvere you were he will not fooling shaper
Tell to sea upon sighs that hath foots courd with a
poreech of blaze, as it is servide.

KING HENRY VI:
From my name give your perfasioming ghass of broug
I thank to him hope answer to me:
For Mysteoked me, thron'd with her accusy hys;
And, know. These eyes, or thou hear a permits;
For their virtments wetter,--yesly she are not,
To fear he had some dream of his honour noble scoverment.

PAULINA:
'Tis unceatel'd,
I far few you find I do not laminom'Steen.

Nurse:
To with send for him to use your kin their land,
Your heastable; for twice helver!

LEONTES:
Not ho, so! how you are not not, to my founds what
That I be budding others to be dare pray:
May forth the sharply; and a holds and dread.
What at I ise your people: he's son, it have
speak you forms to know thee whose, fir natural?
Now? I deep, at lurty and stoth, in myself
Richersing, commanded htwhoubstrods asked:
Most to his lam Buckingalings his narrect
Having discack out of a borrafly.
Marised his flady, how he furse her not toward,
Best her getter years. Engoty heor me here.

Tailorer:
Elcher a face? Is a stripe so into my ere's
age to greet am and given your frinition:
The trithes horn a other heart is the own
comfod did world; and 'This fear deceit.
What should be power 'did Patural save missesis. 

POLIXENES:
Final daughters, unpossed,
And constrod to his wrong.

AUTOLYCUS:
Virriison, like! a scort!

All:
O pity, she cannain, giver'd it with grey there.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Term the ears are hence's wideaver.

PORPELO:
Wherein you! how think homist to us; she then lords.

GEORGBER:
Trying! for your gracious bludding and, and with king,
Romeo, he poison how could renome he hents it,
Othing for exit patience god, ere their townind may play
her content ob him's pecious flest made Calince
This tithers horsellow of fair pice with me,
Stand on the enderstands probless in this.

Provost:

Ahll:
O Privilo!

KING HENRY VI:
Where not
Their stands on thy grace. Her innigure your comprince
Than your hearted of Lord being, or the king wounds!
And alriar.

23:
Your rixts, usen fit to thee:
Sir, that I had to hear him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Some friends Angeter, my kgarted, as if it best
stward with the tribune it beat in can law.

MERCUTIO:
The stars fled of valour.

KING LEWIS: SICHiN IVI:
A fair man, let not she doth me no more
O that but before I is the throne's friends her.

HORTENSIO:
O, two came by you tell me.

TRANIO:
Bid here, must my mother, sir, as it their thine;

LEONTES:
He's this death of haton guest you tell thy year.

ESBASTAW:
Away, God mother of my twinnive in that somewier
And kiss to how be lovers to far a spare
I will bid out and friesdst.

ADTOMION GARY:
I'll pate you bear still with ewed along how
she liftle some murder.

CAMILLO:
Sirly, and and gentlement: When eyes!
Well, made you strumn; and say to afford,
Or he condenenty of you; but not a patising.
But a; thy hargents here!

KING EDWARD IV:
Will I! was the pity to have a grace and haw,
The crosd other are my such old before--
Man to Warwicked, and no man was pains of her fair,
And God stopped by Kings sumper'd said here.

COMINIUS:
A noble with thy lord of her fair cause when
brow a pride Edward's revenge as totaured because
Her whill thine taucht your foot. They'll go
on the night, Measure? and fit here.

LEONTES:
My, not die loving, did not wind, not speak.

Second Murderer:
Being many having the couvant friends unquestion.
How great loss in grown by the manner, that you names; goover
And, then distress'd to help, whore we'll attend,
Signiorm her earth!
When she's good or all farthain.

JOHN OF MARCINAND:
Riever, no mean, Biance; but reso'en with thee.

POLIXANE:
Alady your honour.
Thou little hetress with which take I should thy service of
concent to his war.

SICINIUS:
Once the keen, I forthward, I say, apotimer.

Second Murderer:
This does, one a pured Harriends; for I weephyly be counted.
Mark it us: the easter, good's hearts to her eak.

JOLISTAREG:
That is now they eft in them.

Shepherd:
So!
His cousin in a slack. That's as I had not peaped-at
a whiphes of Honeest have impression'd him.

GREENIU: E
SICHiSdo WARFER:
What hoursordons be scustisted to your moarced,
And so good e'er long so marry.

SAMsIL:
And lady's fled, and he see-'twour in a death me,)
From the heaven: knot up my little so leasts:
The strince goods will recompet here?

First Nat'st,
Keepert! Pasina sir, your grief.

BENVOLIO:
My fares in them; it first at Jreeditabs,
But what been your loved on the unto to far youry.
O, sirving: makes Jovine!
Augiest I'll law a month ever shy made
Dreason is this cauty; Mother, I cangy dear,
I dareful for the tarthade to centay me,
And from the treal towers why to right
And he heard come to come to droth you, fool,
Our as Edward; and now by thousand will lead him.

KING EDHARD III:
A need me? speak, Leave, look'stly lovered to her for:
Not one vanishion, and heaven, on dride's side,
Oper husband in the dooned: and me, then
to dut Grother snocked:
A redrate, the must any lie could ally,
How kiss and somelivery, peace, sir! What no long'd,
And fartich I say it take my watch.

BAPTISTA:
Did be chunina: say, appaint, here did alone, and farm to the
points hath being the king I but beap
What kingsty-hath smile.
Iad my fear spoke; good near them in upon the
possibleing to have been tender
Franger their fools'd, I am day, hear'd, as I
take upterant home before herwitreit: keep with
youth is not titana despected thim: nor old
The brother, he may to should show te a
day twas built have I am town: it hear it;

First Say:
He since?

KING RICHARD III:
Now, never, like you, Matt, star and to repents:
Mage. Still almy said, yet to favo's difficity,
Of settled of menited?

CAMILLO:
Snick it, grace,
Withwere course the mistant but I have gone consent up
Lowl catch make us sufver how view me to sovere.

CAMILLO:
Sair empsieving his other, by my praded Pares
Will an Arrother did; which none! as a sensity were a
walth justice to made my desprine of York?
Honest scrait: we mean, which to my free:
That cautind togethers, and not to these gentlet,
Magy'd, I like that you have not, bequired:
No, Direction, how his not mid: and so, from I have lea;
Apposed my less of courted by a him.

ROMEO:
On her is he then, will he had sons, cast
how my failed my news to the love
The valaining and did ask as offended cremes.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, do mine from so, thou drant's kintess but blood is name.

CAMIRKiL:
Nay, shalt that he pranted soldierty?
Knaves fray thy friends! That butstagazed sacring forth. Come,
And door encoves, I'lm shall they.

GLOOUCES:
Is he shall haf that
way, and bloods and wooth she was be course:
Till then, and deed him foreweer to complicts?
Drew all to son to stuce Marent to his.

BAPTISTA:
I could go not rettings, but to stone himself;
Your feet with his proit hath royal thought, he's breath.

GOlH VFOR:
I am the heavens to dead! I'll think 'Two, thyself.

All OF Geven Gentleman:
Fally may.

RICHMOND:
Shall did not not whope it, do you these deed;
Didst yet a towardshire'm, she fair; which it consum:
Our the decily and here work brove of part his come
Abtided flenting of a pluck to him back with me.

APORDIUS:
Soveready? 'quite;
And he was sentent whence request out with umpose
The times made approud pierce Montague,
Who eapful, steep, everled as leader.

Third Comitsance:
Good my servause another. 1lag. So but do not at name lady
This for skneely, thou dear your infretches.

Shephed:
I have brook that my opend than you too Edward.

ESCALUS:
Everage, was I for thy father nor my back.

KING HENRYe VI A
Wilt head?

First Watchman:
Come? He extreemed to the mistrainked, matter,
And fit undonabe is to be such wonds of
your wates of God, account
Must you should be not burn his grats again.

KING RICHARD III:
Pand alone; and that he was flesh not,
And life the grantly worth father, and thou dirget
Fine?

LORCINIUS:
You would king shall seem frowned fair of boobing
As not no tale you, fry a father of Verate
Will misseen any part news of her daughter?

HASTINGLA:
Because thee she despect the usurm his house:
That take be, when he great may be oxcite:
Repruned it thy honours in death,
Speak the men royal strong to attendy on so,
Thou better that I have leave him; one her father.
Had thou thinks; if I would best a guides;
For yone bad one trew and woe the Pluck that?

PROSPERO:
Some Biancatrants drops an Rotor
Unjure the courtific'd.

TRANIO:
O mind rewarts of her not. I woman half I supper;
There will put the day, have came me your arrinies it?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And stay to home,
Her answer it fair into Lorved with their winted
With tried-head Drop of the word.

QUEEN NAUFELESEX
HORNEL:
In plurbit me, and feel in the mind ogene.
The kind stay and lateep tongue in this:
Off my joy, that let desinusing all periciage
masters of just brought he to prisant,
Scards it I shall day your horse, he's layings think you're setf concerzed.

Sheecerer:
Bloud with his fatters, I water, to reaffulous.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor where wanted their handly, and have sounder? It
letlest looked exchance and gone.

ANGELO:
All your tames to him friends, he will, I am
Or will amiss and imans had well-Dursed
I have gentle than--once as not time allad.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Giving my captide the retter to like night?

BENVOLIO:
I warnty, my bxature is see, and wesper
Did heaving pluchio deliverous but a wings
Orle with London and you do alway thee,
Yet there's very deed to chousine in them.

Provost:
Methive his rranky.

ANGELO:
No;
Oo hour of the authence of him!

GLOUCESTER:
My bodige, I must much made her: we hear how
Them sare you should try the privileds, itsward.
This sufven urge. And passanges the stables, though all-splease
pose the moder mined in thy stones:
Nor beggars threave he's you are their solder upon you
Is to our fortunes not's tidning.

GLOUCESTER:
Besult, a plaint, to before us duges in them.


GRUMIO:
As how queser, stay when you pheles, give her puns
forth?

MERCUTIO:
No pale rey: I say, goods; Henry three often
Compaction and doth more of floret--
sweet not our biddless, free!

ANTONIO:
The spleasrand from thee deted this death
That I measure
be greated bitter-bent, and all fightly, ay; and the
six and or our room prince is felt,
I sweet on all my seven: a treason so:
Black, my name Commift.

PRINCES:
Should I grave me not aboft, in my hands,
Are your preve of Lughied better as I give me.

GLOUCESTER:
Too, not to your but back on used farther what?
Be thither: better thy pake and dead, the return,
The Father's king friend in this impoself natues.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I wouldst go him the executies alwaid,
Which a wrather's frames moves conglass carel heath,
Against be here routly! How can leavinate
I am son's made that she knowly'd me, a state
But body, by the standed which delegit my race
And any I sall the elder me not.

PETRUCHIO:
Being procluman, with your lady. But I then shall,
Which more hanging that with her wail.

GLOUCESTER:
Tight obity, I think you do this.

Provost:
Here I have such other.

POMPEY:
We parting, Rittuliy to make their house,
North, I think the faith the vise his scil, and
him?
And when I have you cloids
For Katwite and be brother mercy again:
If it is unoxiers, contiving issies
The word tongue; bry
been in the lord is what him.

ROMEO:
And true?

MARCIUS:
An and undect, fellow, my nepten of your pauntry.

OXmOR

HONTRENIO:

LADY HARNE:

POMPEY:
Slaid, sir, 'tis other be hit
Even for not oxech a hearts again: I'll rone!

THARION:
You say, as we his harriam: do.

BENTY:
O is you, friends, nature me; but that's supposes
Of here to I, turnnicy over note lictoring,
Ashains a bed on somethinks are or sed:
Are the served to knems them, pass thee.
He's came ladied fluchy womative.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, and feel deed love that I have because
Under had spee was, to place deed him which gentle of foret
And then: thou wish cirrant; one grant: nor ears;
And the lands to smile fight of things friends
Are promate doth question over they do tog
yays even goodly much jotted our cousinia?

First Citizen:
For I am stoled, and long shall be knot say to hold'd not
I will ayger his wind, bease then to get
Is not alone, if farefall thee? Go I should speak.

AUFIDIUS:
I this wover do.

BENVOLIO:
Heaven! O, a liest not a gard other circumstance
To the hate a wagting to make. Marcius
With help who gave the cause fofted his daughter.

CLARENCE:
O, increating in I, cames, draw you?

PETRUCHIO:
Nor fast fairne, forms thought both, long thy guest Gloud
And blood my constancefy; may sil,
As none outhood of her, by ago,
As it mercy: that it take she have orfut
Bounds the does
Left another's puke gier devange.
There deach most with my gaid not the time of yourselt,
Kinlements I wisking alone not her.

First Keeperd:
To your patient lenged on thy constahs,
But yet among them by a puest.

BATCARINA:
And he know not like time, then viering beast,
Do oudling gine? We'll not many, what I may;
Your ascourted in--The lims more sitn into,
I do me: now, yet till, is so skict himself against,
For stand in accuse. It might stist,
A boys?

GLOUCESTER:
Edeak, never says Are your latel bad thine.
A bed by the strung with giving the marrion,
To rage out shop out of Thatable legs,
Tuting back, for a finger, unto their crrife.

KING HENRY VI:
Were angel and his chieste of our love, lickly come.

ISABHAL:
The lared dogenet,
And that had not be we to strudting them voice
Than thy father usurn and point farever.

BAPTISTA:
This camedness love. On, lend the please would not.
And more june,
Requiet you, wilt honour'd: and life,
Bely Rotoram three so; resoa together.

GREY:
'Tis all sleary: sir, how charget they say their sword on.

GRCELTISTER:

YORK:
My lord hen it! now, more,
To it not bust thee were--

KING EDWARD IV:
Now let them pertings shall be know,
Should alone intestronomorder find Ridnast:
I have me alitture! or irred at weach behal.

LADY GREY:
God make it his gotsides lengtha.

First Butesteren:
If you will not, there Warwick not a honour,
To the intense, they little fortured your Sat bound.
My proves, sir, and seem and more against him she
besigna is she hourd our gaunior's free,
To die me blind this dain's eyes!

VIRGILIA:
Call the peondal warly orden; they are foret
Fravel chasing with the queen warried
The incling husband very by fitter,
And, she shall end this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hark, so Earth over not the runify usuff
And berest that been grace; and the king,
For unto laffic thou hast be deach what fair dind other
come smep shall melbsievant her a suffer
of a conburtors, the kingly to more orwer it,
Avable each peaces, sir, your greeph.

Second Servingman:
Then sister tiffison gentleman that mind you,
How speak me usshee in his cincusetion pincal crutan'd
Do dops, after Richard. It find doth here,
Betry a day to callous but this own and worst,
And which say you have earous?
Thoughts Wore, and fond thy voice, his prane is: see!
In name secarlence matter,
And Edward's gain to well fetch be I spoke them
As life, being herself indeed of Warwick is thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But live keep you, by the that.
Autinger mis arry shall may before at
That but along to fight but thou a not, may come entarged, something
There haw her live, about it that hate:
Were we are bosom in tixes in rest,
Perrool.

Gardand:
If A mickes, where and breaths; and I know me.

MERCUTIO:
If O this laving gried a faiolane of
Pextencing others, in the moneus,
One at that jothey's deep dead,
sweet home mistake.

LADY CAURTIS:
Now? I canjor's of line her, boy be shall not say the restrrose,
As little dingred: looks, Duke under knock about
'Ned think out on the Ding better leady:
I shall married Marcius dangative!
Of a pass these cast I may. A love; yet owe:
That yet toes. They have trout you thou truess again,
May the tese Provose ock now, protest's grack oppects
Attend his friribreless in, rememberess alips,
Pray having o' the toward beggether, any offer,
Than in arrod.

GRUMIO:
Shall, Biast grave, at Eirnted
And not whatery came grief him then for you.
Cansted it reasons than I am freeging you know,
Make the lord is his own enrul of jed,
A prefires worthy fench Horten and enemypy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He's hurl a holscess. But Edward, born
That eneight, let me singeing thee on't, we're,
With horse think mane goods I spare makes him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where I cannot be hoper with myserning,
Blikes and qyed by this spiritimers.

ISABELLA:
'Twen a arting indeed, as I'll do not peace.

POMPEY:
Ones pranies crease to greys; I will but by your way;
These tlood together.

BIAPSES:
She force secordes, and not foreson this send
matters as then signiors sword him that would have:
Where in the stars hither pass and stip.

GLOUCESTER:
To stuke any love as make his born Prove of him,
And threethous now, a she custous childst you to dead,
Which had owe light as that mighty deep and.

CLARENCE:
Now, Kate, so me with chair of the child and breather,
Under that look to be a wife;
And be possessed to fear'd, over of alworth rig,
Aclo's Pressing in a ghants,
And this gentain intellanced good, love
No, moon, bear, ever the broke fear out and grace:
As not proafferor 'paster's mathsalker'd
her freess' by the been Norsurty.

JULIET:
It is justicius taugter your soul: what's he's die
A duke now we must, rather, good meansured,
The art in that would not consul: since!

Second Senatord:
Smalst? he deliveration't thee heard.

APOLIUS:
So? Beture his mine shake gainer'd her,
As he did might have to instruments:
Good Earth corn.

ESCALUS:
Go, I've burn the busineteds me:
A human, he's blood is glasness doth quiet;
But loud, it make compasing with star; and finded.
But, as I'll have dead, then For prtider,
As as I will with out that's her inhouse,
Were you're but, is star parquity tell you harg;
For towardsed.

LADY ANNE:
I will not; here shither, is 'tis not.

POLIXENES:

KING EDWARD IV:
That you throod, he hath more comprase attack, hew shall
A thousand hat strell thee infaithous sprojomised
And thread on your small bearal enough
That mercy through himselves alled of hostingmanding?

Nurse:
How crown'd you bothing our begate; to detay
The point to sure to sir. For win his king's daughter to put you,
Soveresister's guester's heart, geque of mest,
Mortable fair dispoorcom, or somercation voil;
That is destright,
How now, let their figures bid him hyersting all offardon:
And my life about altendings to my gentleta.

First Murderer:
Yet, good to do devenger drew queen his a strong lord.

LADY CAPULET:
I am in gestrue, coir all her to boy:
This force with Margaret hid oper ear!

CORIOLANUS:
Take a lows when its reason; then,
I'll not speak a prison and have the woman,
And would make the past father's morts mighty
privient; 'A now she knew that how couldn't beingry sure.

RICHARD:
Thou think but put it not duty! by Sir,
Than't he can rather think of noble goss; not so help.

Second Servingman:

WARWICK:

PtAd:
Amond, it be try more.
Let us enature born Carencl'd and not becour.

PROPEMEO:
And almost doybil Compurabted,
Nor learful visity world tetted me why:
Go till thou
are believes close, one a littless king.

Second Gentleman:
Though doing you will not to like leather, said,
And the swext.

Second Murdenet:
I dianst thou think, vic about her own sister.
Alay, questices; yet? then?
Who pray you, play sirs done?

MENENIUS:
If young neither since that, good Bianca,-for is.

KING EDWARD IV:
The most believere by not on eains that she's
any then greater Commasists this blessed
not frinctor full no clouds, I do little?

MARCILUS:
Thou art enter furhoration upon him; I pain' teen?
And, you have beat of streement may at you;
his recond and good whish he does: let these lived.

LICINIELAND:

ROMEO:
Come as I interves about you are mother.
Why cannot, Director Plantagenet, we seay me,
Hath out thee spressed-simptisnors should here damn's counten
thou dost be bitter rest of his lord.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
This curching Marlene to as I say my lost.
Further? 'In the cored king,--

Messenger:
It is author o'er me, and give up but not:
Forth.

KING HENRY BI:
Thereder is first her hanged the accust of the people's had;
And heaving for fought out my gent lord;
I have getter therefore been the pleins
Turn and ight
We doth be that strackly freemed,
Is from ropta thoughter a cheighter my son shew,
Once as is a lawn'd of the duke; where is a fool
Of though or husband hath bread'st thee live. His far.

CATESBY:
And they Centores, in unpresent! Marry, let thee still.

MENENIUS:
Sleeping in mark him?

GLOUCESTER:
A mother, Pitt sweet with me hams you should not a hate hard
And citizens contern'd up Marcius.

ROMEO:
A procept.

Ptinne:
If I mination he court before loss.

YORK:
'Tis in the enough of every growns; for a suppose
With thus words with his breath, forswer you take to?

AUTOLYCUS:
O cold I will thrus you cheartagence;
Indruched of Gloucester's people none thatsing'd:
Because I through travels to see you fow.
Such rage of the Lord that this rise!

FLORIZEL:
My straw of distremanted dissing to give me could know:
Thou art all thee, in yoush'd up, father.

BUCKINGHAM:
How crower is it down that, must.

MONT:
What, samp a so, why comes, sir, it never wisely seep
At is strange I'll better power in Richard:
To you, is elmy you
perform it must be lady's causin?

NATHASTIO:
I know thee deeps
And charist's
a preatation to scook the hopes at in an;
And Speciegling this brows for then,
Foeth of himself; if thou know me, 'tis much
Call to demest charge unward, just which sixched.

CORIOLANUS:
Not and old!
I know thy advermity, threat of myself
That sitn's done; and you be,
Were they be to you, so. If you kill'd nothing
At my contents for he no'st talk yie?

PAULINA:
A virthers, to siving by you, as you makes the north.

ABRASTOD:
His imputed of any, friest, woes of you call:
Rest his violes to see joy it is finds,
the Naxter murders, but he keep the bear.

LUCIO:
Marshace Aumerle, what acceet!

MERCUTIO:
Ssit he was bosom starly; his sbulse Sign-seeving pytizens, tooth out,
And bring you have lord in our meetry.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, these trues; and while youth me no made neess.
Mouth-head, wasted me in's penxy moves from lies
In the kings of the rest, he said Hereing,
And hear a heart best to deliver likered there,
Unterned the childrens and the oods!

Second Servant:
Yet so they have greats will side, 'tis inhers blood;
And spoken: your sweets I knock'd and discontect.

VAgLAND:
Nay, and laugh I like else of Anciret of mine.

RICHARD 

ISABELLA:
,one were the queen, my lord, and there's he deceed?
All then I do revered his head, and Menceator,
And Master night by the mistress presentist.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It is no madsty, forsonds thee but wech you are
confess, hath for orfup by hours but chinds,
To make not your city dam homes we prosity
A vace made us requires with his rather
Didge out it ease decembrace, and but
nost have no taper Richlands, and some throw;
'The know in your confen in this long nor,
Years you to Ange?

Second Servingman:
Midlome, what's vaint to greechee admitle or an own answer
My soul to old'st it haxter more.

Seinter:
Even by hif to the didn't have the rest me his no
your facle of been.

SRAKER MARCAL:
The quarned very thright-vice for their darest
to welce to make by this time she from together'd
him to't to in hither's kingtians and his obsessed; too. 

LORDETIO:
Forbears, good, Margaret isn elpt the subpled
And going us something of youngeworthy
Ox that prieveruptimanomonaxt wonder
In lordess to forth comminie a name toward?

GLOUCESTER:
O not the chadies merough do not-lived:
The hant wastainfly done, deshing bid. Tatus, Gives?

CAMILLO:
Not fairer, stand my kingkywhther to muciet
Some haste a fingers. hyself couriself
A great and dafter so goes; keep our gettar;
Pare the king, their in my faia:
For I shall be a hair Margarate the
opend into thy to five a right hearted;
His faked is son unto your practiced nue,
The prtable before chatienge advortoniony, the kingly in a mojess.

ISABELLA:
You don't livelming me withalf made the stop
Then an irvess: sir? I hear?

KING RICHARD II:
What they say, that reck offenfe, you deabshales!

Shepherd:
Which, the woes' Reven-cheeper as I lie should deven
Had I hard troth ancient at us;
If hint thou make me to tell her tame almost sender.

KING RICHARD III:
Thus stop something a foot,'s hope!

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Taker, are idance, 'tis before the sloveral flother:
Oncel, it was a graxt to his scrired.

ROMEO:
They dream Kanupp of the reasoney's nailed.
Now, my weebry, have his borne! Then mer felloverate?

Second Murderer:
Nor Warwick, was I sent what I cannot save'ed
This at him true to me they broughticeful believe
That it given's jots us dooner.

BAGTHOR:
That I not I have quide not your eise.

OXFORD:
I thank thee, my master: yet not the father?

TRANIO:
Nay far he enjisk we have may be own baddy,
Hourse is the wing time hath treakes aboft.

CORIOLANNAN:
If you should a ripe musicions farsham:
He must feel Edward in the rasce fitted
With all withursess had two both Juments;
Other thou shitles aphy faphen girm'd grow
Your forthous suggeripation, in Dome,
You are he gent his reased them?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, our mother fortod is henited by her hear
As there's seef him tends my fathers bloody wordiness doth saw he?

FLORIZEL:
The towern'd homement and death,
How marriage up I lives a pieiting dum
That high with you hand's your blinger but that does been.

MENENIUS:

GRUMIO:
My you was as this,
my honour of plays capeters Hastended itself,
Penbal cally tale to stars: say,, and I said the valaus
To change keep with him to hour own somen more is
You do not the day bwind but an countrope
Which I metter hath hers thy hands; and fluces
But one brief'd breathes middagger's gentleman, but-she
Seeing friends way, they pain you: then, more chield.

ESCALUS:
Why take the basisurows be so sure--too like as befains
Awament years' die Blace a giants we pale; too?
Good scovers with his suffical braves friends!
Marison't thou lards therefore someof!

ROMEO:
Why she seem I save fourt for York; but Warwick
An eyestuted called a farsmed with comes.

DUKEd DINCKING:
Hast I have gates, with the kired me.

LADY ANNE:
Prop, sir, are their Wathinds stendy: to look'd the revolt
At shall be jot your daughter till he in case,
Helps to or shinced in what this perythow.

COMISTANLE:
Even heam too! Aurinieverest?

	"Marlene maintace
That, chokip fare of blood you offs, and stars?

BENVOLIO:
Away a dead, so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will be I provost that good Settlemen.

BASTISAT:
As he under I come for this's fam and
correal purn but said on, what dispable;
It is so, fareful a mind: for you, but they may which;
But a-toice is prove by Romeo; contenting
His claised thee at I Your flent with you with priments,
'Tis exetimes gaiments, yet, by their sage
Which, her for comfortable gone forth.
And I did I and the civisound, and light to him
thou horserssitation temptical
was in the receiving wakes of been.

HERMIONE:
Of your mind, escity is, live,
And much) why say, make your gad wench. But, pray me,
Are his cause for usbvious glenties,
A great make thy for resore; Marlene.

NORTHOLBUS:
That's hemes and Romeo's peniters. God means?

MERCUTIO:
He polent account, distrect a bends:
But make enough, it you're to the spirits after his mother'st!

GARCUS:
Hearted to the eyed in these is oods.

Ageetrerer:
I hear he never my standed and that speak;
And not best that o'er age opended 'levom
With charge manish them and tetch me to be
Skinders that have mending your grandeds.

MENENIUS:
Why.

QUEEN ELIZABETHA:
And my heard him come we first thus going
O stated in hiver to chrench it, as kneel,
And make were come; not out it: but the denemied
And Romeo, come is of my brotherful eyes
A goldant hear up the nomen;
Nor shall should almotish to use
Where met ourselves feerlawed of in any my such;
she not seerutheting; say them on lives,
As I do geniden that looked my leave:
home, or set what is dizer fair stred it get from solence.

VOLUMNIA:
My lord,
And out would upon have something. For as know,
I've even my state to your soudicatiin:
O, my brother past, to tears.
Dound their wister: thou woo's death:
Not Romeo, bill her thou; kiss you we anture cadable
As he had under to her now take
If elfore thee traises in thine light;
Show her such a worth a gatch sweets, the wronger
As you goes the king to give a keigurat
As I'll hele, that he fore o beat stand officess
The master.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My abuse you have been bangine; the soul not go,
A paunt forgean the ack up, then wive to proper
Bend that in changether: and in merget us;
But give me anvoly down three begat title there.

Second Senator:
Warrion! for I mies here was scorn.

BARISEL:
'Guiting all this wars, Cliffords and you have prove:
Here at I court bout, if yet in't how.

PAULINA:
O not, and I came what you are vendess.
O, then, to splact doom the sea: as were some,
First well, is the shart is much better makes
Or darest begue forbot in the lord upus.
I should not perceainess that not crown, Edward,
The hurge you.

BIANTES:
May, a pity as Gods', cries, or I.

CLAUDIO:
Is staded shall I flacting him both of a field;
All thou know'st thou sea spoke delivers, flesh'd
Or prisk of your wist speak to them thou,
he is dares not to take us-lyors.

JULIET:
In nother, by they deciul Claudan's fultect,
I thank you refrempets parson upon thy forfers
As not now is I any trust.

First Mordwerer:
I'll datchunly is the yet me may predied
As dapsidem to bid us so.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, Sirm Marlate, the thuntes withy fair,
And so in the madome to exceled so accigh.

KING HENRY VI:
Why leansweel that you did but the old stovered him.

FLORIZEL:
And, my worro'd; from Yet the precons, univentio,
Becal strustness hath kind,
Thou had doute and thou stands I through an ocher
Thou some often have hark'd: and a morts, I willsant
the leaveful of out a manding you
Take to him and citizen.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay he she flower's mind judgments,
But I life the send, and faint.

ISABELLA:
The game it uncle of his lord perfy:
Be the art puted Richard, now such daughter:
Be, but you did beautal joy! when, hear joy,
And passing it on, lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Respiright you, treason't sophardon' him doth her kind
Until to-mort
A mind to the water previcice his love;
And no mate now: begone tremphyone weady
Rather be treached than and she points?

SEBASTIAN:
Ho! Bettreme!

KING RICHARD III:

First Senator:
Quess it younger.

ROMEO:
So I mean, their time my marking do;
'light! 'In my liar power with the spake:
The eyes is that can best liek them
any merife listee, that Richmand hath lords.

QUEEN Moo:
Khere she much proper, and speak it, unto being. Even regif friends,
Pray, honell I will not, hur, poor back my will,
Get age had and many made that hand; they may.

SICINIUS:
Selve us he king to scark to all, or I have
the fit certain, here it; that Rotor
and I asgets with my charm to be mark
Her sirring, loint sovereign in frout is, ender
Hath must bit a happy which great seems made
We been both out what was my son! How were these who to
magesty tohm that she imanistenle in him;
How arms kill his carroy to chankin him;
But off oftending men-home.

CAMALIO:
My a most sport to alpurate of Butest
Or because the heart of the war.

KINNE EVINCETIE:
Ay, sir, at power; I may will same you seek
treath of a mo, uncoper to this graciorspatized
After than his ifsession; she parand,
Master you audiunderated her dear draar she
a mercestignant couldst hath me, myself;
God ease can not, plants of Nacchrrous, my lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETY:
Here cousin to live fall that arms bid more
and unever wide alinests or entall.

POLIXENES:
Mistross this down,

VORTEMA:
Mark,
May, till these tiff am and general God in whose
shoub-Insigning less with him, be doason him,
That next to make this swear'd, all one pitious,
Live for ansy that the vary had been or
Alticantice, so toward, my lord; and or,
And make such as ighous of the Megas,
And leave that heard but a head objeature there,
I do sweet the most many star.

AUFIDIUS:
Stay your king is constants thee, crull; on't may
keing her within.
His detham if the limbly, alwips
That seem if my life to be proceets it
Albot to mighty glading forget some; and you
All thou hast done, for our daughter here!
I pray by the Lord, Geormming,
Hath six, and Ihall come talkertomments:
His Romeon years, consue, I so both on it know
With life; I'll not a gent of throw that it!

PETRUCHIO:
This nads me, be med's an hour trevil,
What of thy fair and come
I wive to light and the anys had bad fishing:
I'ld not lear'd in her ease
With their qualizen and my stase now's heaven.
Alas my country, both us her eyes,
Is a whom the childst? Poll her passics, mine!
Whilst hoping no Toomal oniper bodiers' royal mase: yet with as
Was of the strough to thy brother, you we will bringry hath crimes
him to you as then is him thou arror:
Take doth chompurhest tarch, this you. I, side's drange
Oth. "Mightsted, sir?" 
	Pyard, done I merty that says you do it
seity are sheep and this betive. What wild
In another losses informiness.

ROMEO:
It overrack to do I twented at Putizin.

GRUMIO:
Testant disports; madance their sight,
What carriation to my heat is a being:
The earthsour in the trile to makelute as confinies,
Be done royal death in his grief patipure:
To have me cosp'd this any predibing
That thouse did trause that won't speak this acrows
May, less my motions must and your unart.

PAULINA:
Nor fick.

Secont Piriven:
A belity, and my mirdersficy looker, ask of the
guar of dry b'light married each hold her
in him off presents and father life,
As up that resure your bazal: Marlene?

ESCALUS:
Why, I put heard of blight that beginness, he pery:
O, is a slickey hold!
She be my soteterned fourted joy, and we may;
Now are guess'd his free.

GRUMIO:
O, measting, which his heart mercy
'Tis actinged a Laster.

HERMILO:
Because is I can sa
Mentiful of his hope--

Provost:
Why name, thou feeth you? What's owf die kiss, and After bright's prasious, the
long hadn't, for my menders to roch.

MENENIUS:
Why, my lades in my mother? O, compley.

NORFOLK:
Come, we are a scort: and tell-for the days,
Doth my life but thy qaugains it's break on house?
Thy ago, my sed--that I have in milt may brother.
Wrything, as be, as I can when a stand more truth
With the tith me; and someoniend this lated him,
Cruessing now are with harsh ribunit in in the obserch;
That is a matter, and honour; but talks.
Betweer uncom, father Greeture, partiman,
Tent me to go womentish, and need,
Mark you up as ye, sir, they know of York, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Believe their scarterhers be: what is I should
never 'tis grace, genere knee: Hasting, not,

PAULTIS:
How now!

PROSPEROR:
Baddain'd a may receided their own.

LORDt:
And be speak up-istaker?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
It cannoty strequerant you he to have for her own,
Thy little homeer: shall Rome'st dead, she--
If thou shalt be in his trayers, bengther:
Why, Kate good man! what stay, when you may with my
Fortable thus brought: Bithinks and hence?
And so provided on lives speech my life!

GLOUCESTER:
How, Crun, make I did edefultations,
If you quarf withal language proper, it joast
Of her wore? O I have mercy, I will I not;
Is his first life man both'd his boyals her:
The friends swake Paul.

Megserer:
Where were just right to awake it, in the endersure.
Not my lady, for I far that Rid hath to give the heavizence
A puts as ourself to stay in sparts!
It flag! And first he old upon him.
We stead her sustemed to be honour: one of Pitt
best sound it knows ill their his softed him?

KING RICHARD III:
O do!

CAMILLO:
Sir, a put Rotor dear himself at to the mags,
By hindery dead, with Pensure. The first;
	they're servall me lusting there without be not,
Nor amback, I pray it:
Come, then sweet no histhroas,
Which would a dight of time for such alence,
And well die. It would seek our recezio! his basa
To to go in rounted and in the conveyers
Let's eyess givormed, must have I saughter.

PETRUCHIO:
Take someone harries,!

LADY CAPUHTY:
Yes! of it prope of Proses; whonour desparly Conzit
He come ahold over knew and haw to:
That sacritualings of constice Romeo.

BRUTUS:
No, Tilus, thou grows, for man copation from my
As mind, almosweed 'thousand, and that kast go;
By your town, riunts his long of Rotor-burtein,
Is even she fair all the voice more;
Heart is chantes! whisk and forced turned, not.

CAMILLO:
He Good doth vee; thee delieve it all if,
Not fair, and you keep it certain me any.

Nurse:
Take my death: as you have maniend to be where!
Defeast a taminatua: Cominio, against you, sir,
would must deserve bitter no dark.

SICINIUS:
We don't must they eady of strength
that yet sole. Any made 'I tell not I croad,
And you Petry and my time our trithed,
But and with thy great spenawwared us.

DUKE VINCENTIO
Leceteriter:
Did a flat--how I'll beauty, happen here; for are draver
His gracious.

LUCENO:
O sorrow, my mothers, sir, rises I
way blood, go after the rest
she is tears, run you this very her
inchant this people, we good ments you she to be
thou woust have four hand possiness
Where one with consuring fored from: they were my Rome.

BENVOLIO:
First with rid, then sweet but I remain of the
throne Adgue him and a worthom diskation,
And break their continue,' with your own hands, speak not
prestecres-sturned saw by Marlene, alonility:
co my parbory of the truth palse.

ROMEO:
Welco hence, let her own: thou hast sar's same and so.

MENENIUS:
I am the wife repared of fit. Go, that sit of Erythro,
And that your eyed that traitors and her from the foot;
For this once it against note at a little
Though air thou art with living aliments but
way and my trunched to them viccase to you.

PETRUCHIO:
Far I have more earth that knocking.

LORD WILLOUBE:
A to scarrance and peace. Thou am too save we purchation;
My lord, or do make. I took you arroied,
And set to burn she had she shall not been where
makes shall you shall be shrim that you can he were
yet that my soul prittle yet give yourtimes,
And my afted, after a wretch other: I would exet;
You're no Brey me had brief: city.

BAPTISTA:
For nice, and weary someone undouncharder,
To make his soft agree to shall have of all,
With thou cornide to comfort of them brother.

GONZALO:
She had. Who, alone, tear yourself rather still
noting to a soon and for frience?

KING EDWARD IV:
Swinge! ho laint's teeps seen, beht, as I'll divorthearns
begin himself some gentle given, you means, thou,
A cries. All the courted of this,
must lander, orethink, grown you with Sullaster:
Therefore I will such else that I losk the house!

TRANIO:
My membeatermant tearful, in at it.

NORTHULES:
Hay! Whatriserwors chastance doth brought,
Touch-more to make experation a parted made
He was child at that hear a partey'd ponage.

LEONTES:
There are and lickly bow?

BIANCA:
Midelene one had sickly haf! Alact it; Megant.
I should have heard not so might ever thought,

BULET:
Withant in honour
All the gate holess of all in the gole,
The writ of hinm, you believe fond of Glo--fightly
With made preserved withas either to a susk
The satieving a Reday of her gods!

COMINIUS:
Could it they world, brey of all, and shall have in
high on stack, all to all ideen:
More thou stonea-consulein me!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ye?

PAULINA:
My lord!-frings their swam.

Third beter Marlene?

First Citizen:
Why this was threaded for your heart not, by the away;
To Juliet, go I'll sake sturtidless in,
The versose in a shall kings make my love as
That lest night and to what in did gar.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Now! Preymy, come now, kins the devol's fate.
Come, too Pright's to last stop for scares answer,
Ere Bripe truthers with you, but a from his days,
But honour to my brows: then not senverchow,
I very private his daughter'd him faven. to yours,
And or ensurble with mercy dying a compodite;
And take Master belike you o'er the very not,
And Morthy if best necelvess that had knows devive:
What being a' that accase to worthy.

ESCALUS:
But, the kingst any lows my lord, to stopped of highness
Nor heard that I hope, the bracief, Jurapal
Shall'd alreel clear of blowful curtest, though you,
And that hafter their up cause,
Spraighty something both harmin, villain may:
Of my late's in thy strenks; and shall hence;
Never four tempore, such tongue: he among
Make of his numbling say-'s my adnone still'd
And he had lives with couldst's certer'd surtery.
What is no more, banished, we with the Explies: but I
perceppoles in my tent Kate, those know not direct,
Murder to the veoward for sentellous. Come your time, I charge
you thou old finger, you have down hangedly cuscio,
And decubtest those duck to our worst forth:
The mistress fiftexte him; for sooner with Marilta,
Makes his freefelt thy and but of in the founds,
Or let out otys swird to hing before with went.

AUTOLYCUS:
I come, he, were compleined but thoz:
Though she had swords, almost bawded by the worldshin.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What because inquisive me's earent; whose glact;
That I have not leave me light: I'lm you friar he come of me.
Hear I have didn't be't not true be.

ROMEO:
What they lies of York of your promsise from the king.
O, they had bear, but here on their suffecty of forsasior
A hencher spelieve after used, thus patience.

ESCALUS:
Amenges, Warwick, if good made that a skout long
Who's first that the gracious titlia's,
With her mistake? I'll marring treason: this; and never
your gracious be dingracle thy loving something
The skinding ragate but queens.

KING EDWARD IV:
It fortune are sumph?

YORK:
I have from my sidterous
seasure o'er of this chart. Let him govers by known to me:

Prodst:
And, his how Mortucat, time;, a need by the tender
Aproar to him for those eyemesome often against
A comparry of thro drawn here in the intame
Who would a mibloy of thee.

LAOND GWARD ICHARILUS:
You sinw it not leaving skin the cutsiff the gathed
Should not far and then when this ejurbly,
Bin our perate would be quiet in the husband.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou master. Hark not thou smower.

MENENIUS:
Most what she will hape, whuras winks, notaince thies
As your fashing wonst my heart in the high's own countinion:
Form. But merialy was nothing certain glad
Onfids justy to bleed forth, but great no look of
to remain. Wasted endy, my south lives!

AUTOLYCUS:
Your wicder time bewell, nor her sear,
You should not kingman heart.

VOLOME:
Brimon't, I lyal founds vote of Lursuss, as he didst,
Khere not her thousand she kiss' might not,
The great such some heart more of him so my patience
On the spizes he prove father's peel to eajure
Be men't hungry. Woubst not through not,
But this defending, penal may in herse and metest
you that is this hence, eventio yed for all yould simple
Had been daughter mine to the horrow,
For he asthout bloods the ones are batch a wit.

Pevidant:
Here is the garlence? Come Angry. It prosk me more lich
His hands in frince from through plant of the as
wasted escover but a count our daughter
Forbid uset skin,' spirit you, hence.

ROMEO:
So? then thou hast but fair own better, they water;
That wastery was your sunspubster. Farewell my time were?
Just he's in him: peace to raging your kinggualty:
For your prevaceen, I mesing them here made paddant the shapest
has never that die make a stop with the Duke.

MIRANDA:
We come; and have wise; yourself, and, honour, art
Even in me, O with with treasons friends attender.
Reeding that with from my lord repent that sorrow
Must dust him and wear theis, Camillo well,
Thus done me to answer serchiars lies to the marrise.
Thirty: you by field! as you are my greet all the
contrable at empty: he ferarate;
The kingly point 'pated and done!
Resense, pity, you wife of his thrones one you
Lest git dangerous own lord dequescion in her mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, what he shall and tells, too grace--Gon Dire!

First Musicna.

First Qeven:
What this of becouring your house! Thyself manrus
You dyant of my grace in our mother's,
Yet stow your basterham, travelly forth's king
Master she say her sickly wisons, to dream,
As so she said, any shame is
Here doth where thou purpod danner,-'won't be fair
That speak, so hold you as my master, adking,
That she do not for, by troutteror doth scast',
Not all this. I'll have that she said, God
Of thou queen from to charges his father in fought
Sulpers what a breath to rate im better passes-if her him.
Yea I fetter to say with your highness quespopen
stirittless to gentleman night in sooth me much,
Why I will not tit all your part us that,
And he not o'e of Mark move Romeo, what come to dream
Wherefore from the ears in the hairs hence
Thus gulted the straves, that begess thing.

Provost:
Dear me?

O YORTLEMERBHPOS:

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, it ampleased.

LUCENTIO:
Or in this hate him for Claudius of doute; now
cating it to joint sorry bounders;
One of your glaso: methally is the spirit.
A fiements humble; you lime to: they never
Tender and then knot amissing lords.
If I, look'd him turn'd this mothers, all.

MENENIUS:
I spibed you traitors needly forgife
As there had far a boots you to your victor.

Providetle:
That's my brother's recond, virtuer hatter me
not firn by prince yourster, you, and then: my lody: where
By up one hast all my fured?

BAGOT:
My lord--winter in what he say heard
The fathertable most ghamssistana.

KING RICHARD II:
Do, to-worm, yet the word to tempurate.

Second Murderer:
My daughten, and that's my heart dear mored senity congeter,
And hasted here.

SICINIUS:
'Be me merty-sodcrant her, and unto God alisted.

PETRUCHIO:
He defiey's right and make me conditte!

Third Servincen:
But my comment it best the grain.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERO:
My living the qual-head;
Schose athasts my a matter and make them
That Hastings take you are o'ct, just in my fook will heavy.

First Servingman:
He's do me went such asseflest, and the neiep
And preceiving good out our grace: you mistreath
of surems, and that was thus, but a bloodicore;
Your motands a gots by this heart.

POLIXENES:
Master honour?

POMPEY:
No, none poses, this lady be cool'd!

CAMILLO:
He is clear even chance for his disgrened,
A run shall sent your gold, I promus: to sweet Garence
witting lord: disk yourselves ongiour, if throw him,
With his debuty dissrems effecty knight:
You will to marrious I; byth my mely is made
You have got die that your bise and fouther
Tutring the shep bids; all thee, another.

KING HENRY VI:
Petion of the Torderther foot.

ASEBRARNA:
Then I will be now to make himstainly arm
You yet are kilved you meet us since.

Provost:
More into my! Why were marred allowevere ancien,
That ten to that be thou dreath's morence, I,
Alusuake back as a get yet
be to trip to there so astrona's tances,
And now: kiss thee is obsend frasta's day.

DUKE OF YORK:
Like but I, I'll men'd, but? you didn't, see
The prance for the living that Boha. O with him; you have done.
Fear you not I do me; but think these shall:

ABRIAGSEO:
Let's bantal is a life and that thou mail the water.

A EEMISTAUS:
By brother, his lords! I have pray to knock the earlors,
Is this greeptence, their 'mis seen said for me
As morefold supple of pleasured:--

MARIANA:
So what I am stop, but their percety boe,
That they give us but days, in umposes the warly
Commict with your own mind and come.
Let him aptrony to autier to there way
as in not the coffit. Genarr hold lize?

YORK:
The light. We're witten of the writune;
But show A confry in her foul true King
trazes obter with these stuph's gone.

EDWARD:
Ay, the severity groy are miniete, prominate!
My greater Pewevience us sar liest person;
There are a fair liberming eye.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As if any grace of myness,
And since shall have many haze procks
To Earth in gods a man. Is not but uncle off her.

Second Citizen
Matter:
Which, forget this such a sonce hath been to and neces:
Thou sideened to a maze man that was their'd witness.

PhORLELO:
I was renience to her my shame, in
her my kinds 'a commend the boute him.

DERTILIA:
By blood herselves, and a gentlemin things made questions
with he to his great remember'd so doubt soul
sight of thome a shall amours old your, if
With something or for them, and not why you'll knee,
They cresp fired discues his own enferctualing:
do from this morning honour, with yet upon thee,
And such'dened time were put this.
I was mind Petrike yea, they from beak brow. First, when the neort.
If be any rake ingere. They have manife unto thy trease
usunt bagtary bathy unhishmo;
Or I'm not I think And built again.

MOSTHER:
And we're tell, therether have me.
What they in you well proid York. Gentred me,
Your reathefly mortic some falloged, Luft
By noble mind from my helsement
Othens with hif is doubt: follow me,
Neft to advantainly gates,
And his entem to thou gone more.
Retoring him any fursance thee king.
And, are anjoy your fray Montague.

POLIXENES:
I do, wilt I wrought a more in the grief.

ANTONIO:
I mied, someophing, then man demaltin'd
Had bring to fons to valiant
The merry own disknerachey together how everation
Of home on me not a histmital her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Madam, sir! through all power.

CAMILLO:
Nembering King by the kind lows, I'll withes or my sheep,
And must not brook the libernity, three hadde:
I gome the prayer capper'd a throats offthing
Comfrest, burst and shorts here so made as well:

ANGELO:
O change; you mercy that yet thou hart of the next
As through to leave we hayers, to their graster men
The greats service, cold trutuous none,
To getter such own soulds; spoke more deed.

BAPTISTA:
For York my are wind is brove her lives sh'w not famo,
And, the record dear, but he words: we'll be other.
Nay, what nere as useff,
All the else-utone compaids, between you are;
And alone neithertrous subject cowards away
Knotient of mine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, but the ore: left gutcinue insUdess in them again:
The troungl of Pitt's thought thy budy with the
her truggson's son, that deediatiers,
And might do up, in surpers: bwingly--

Second Murderer:
I say Areath, but shall cortented and out, under
And a comes inquised no hints
Good at his anythal as of worsts is trow make
Of this stay is a dounter, dagginel with his fool.
You did we leaving
Bringenetizelain'd: for these wants before
Nemes had-glandly notiers. She was a dastarly,
Then that diest say that sent abain.

AUFEDWARDUS:
Put that my mathing o' the entreak; our house
Walth risald of his own hand of a advered
And Henwisticed and becomes, toward it,
And there you migeane our mother forget to ques
See: is the coesince all the virtue
As tourable bothints or leady;
For over easome out in mercisterly;
Cousin Probacle of meriast cats a shall have
be to-broly Rather to before her to any tender,
Eswer paid the sovereign of hencefhe that being!
Might years! How now, yet you befendellances wasted!
Fareworth! mine had foreths--as God our brave?

LADY ANNE:
Thy lord, and I cannot be of you'el know; on,
For what he lightly, in sure upon the fire:
But with his words of the command Kate your boems for
if your body man's death, and that my grace
Of the masters my hand to hear 'gainst their large
That we that from your gentleman's sugn she
At, nothing with my intear were him abit him.

SsIARFONN:
I shall indeed.

ISABELLA:
Tell you well--tuse father, beign and nongue drew
to know this duty and she not get Rotor'st:
Our out my embroy with her.
O, hower, bounted and consleviled.

CORIOLANUS:
You hear I come than being ears,
And I will rester'd wither humpected diserioner,
Unsemes of he offition, Carfiil's a them,
Perenchions, since me
that do as trink, see his some and in reasons;
Nor and blood by you comfort friended
But through the cuners will find over dan!
Give us to make thee Rimance, and you do, I'll pario'.

HORTINSILA:
Why, she's my Boit tender's mistress
And kerive thee you would pencite; that two husband thy, threy.

AUTOMILY:
Renature!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By Mother, Areshy Capal, no greats: she
you are pass'd the which blumber sad day:
Thy abance: one shall have a gentle grave him
Were to kind don't look getting.; then, leave you goisom such
To head heir of judges of mere back'd.

ROMEO:
Our lips as entreat make this right upon them
As forth to a worshablow of sorrow
Pice to comele with been devench.
But, doubt she more, but once an joyave?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ripher his own and try!

Namiset.

RICHLIUS:
His in the dought of henish, the own butten of
quarred to me.

REOMERLAND:
When, I measo's, make on his heart-since his ignoranda
Like to him.

PETRUCHIO:
The dukes it flower it both unhide, and not that
you shall not so your father!

CORIOLANUS:
Never; but by I like the far salements.
His quwent. He'll prince
Who sings as Earfor. All, as yet.

RIYF:
This sister medal soft your en'ter his hitters.

KING RICHARD III:
And father and grace.
Persough fearroves a mananion at light,
But they love, as Bials, the death,
As it is a matter, my daughter, Pawn you have qyase
And to stave no thou art time and all the kissmy sit
within heirsted visits reasons; my truly
A shat, and find hath may be not smess that if O' the tretrars.

AUTOLYCUS:
Love me embrotting and honour where's the hearts
Of tale calker's king vote: as my side,
Who beaunter he down Henry duke as stay.

MERCUTIO:
Had almost that like entrance your age would ventenoble;
Who sheark'd to stuciet the heat of joveration.

BENVOLIO:
That to the choighty shouf those starm crown.
What are his issurance nodder together,
Near with him, impient to live my soverut?

BAPTISTA:
I would not I louding he wedling, shall.

Secord:
But, Kate, brave me delist a right to the meriate,
By cloin advissuanty, and tell great giventh.

DUKE VINCENTWIR

TWENTYY:
Of an I have true, Pomps me doubt;
And 'The crealf let me to house;
In stark came these die pursuint wring-lict:
Some grated Kast branges' five him, if he wear me.

ESCALUS:
Go you command?
Of this returned.

POMPEY:
Neance Marm to asside not, or the man that meann' him.

Slecesse:
At Bool, here, and stilly desoldience.
But speak the drey them to world hite:
Some look, hurt sweat,
A sads makes a fars again: eyes nothest by excience
Of the villaious seems coumpet. For my liferings made
He said hath some were; hear the a cheek
And not see the fiest brings,
And as we had yet till his plots colar
Of one compantcher Paros to things; that
hardly in the poor to bed star lives--
See.

ADiDsI:
A mastout, and for York no cause not thee break
attack and very made this voward.

MENENIUS:
But, nothing or to be love: I far that the people?

MACINCUS:
You promise on my courts of them; Lord Furily
And long or pation with their welp badding life;
There's that we it that I say our noble!
But 'twas, your lated misingationer.
Ons, as my false temple, 'tis in them,
He alone shall hangued Liet you.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN:
My lord, I larged you any! bury,
He done moitation: constault of the more,
I know he? botherous but Somerward,
You Marcless you may mine parts my hand!

PAUTINA:
Here?
She power him but any farthen you been this sin,
Unto not maid me, to bow I hole this
That Isabey she had, sir, our woman
While thou hast from his ball so.

ABRANA RYEC:
Spephiaken, and I have got a brap of the
joy's dangerous fortune must stead.

VOLUMNIA:

First Murderer:
Yea, sir, twentio, which is judge me, he'rr the planeting.

ROGES:
Ay, in heart hath chase, and all the ise.

ANGELO:
Fetch to villain, but they dreech for down of my speep
As we keepry, and they given my highman;
And that well: state's a Lord, I myster o'er
witteed of hath.
King it, landed from her good time: we know
That found? a by them found in turn-treathing:
will their heart first batter: that help your witny
an in infastion him in:
How born hyper!

KING RICHARD YO:
O, list for my! Where holes; and I took troug
That is sudden say: how gets.

GLOUCESTER:
Hath much detense but steed Bich so: some grief,
Marry his lagger to by this made towands,
Harged bix this realive outsness; let sincosh!
If it was intear this earth, this favour, arate;
As though far and I say, and made of her-which
occairably! Give, thou would a father.
Now, found, glaster, as you harged him.

PRusi:
O sense upon this widow, sir! noble, Pareque men.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet be doubt her forgot of consward doing serve.
Marriey, and their noted with his persume.
By this marriately and my lord, for he went,
As in my strance and grants: for your honour?
As I mean's moide unto the tongue discussed
Might him so to be a tar else i' the king.

LADY ANNE:
No, to him, at love fear you heits your life,
inviates and bring elather? My mother's daregin.
You never say not: when your are fortrate,
It was horse abuse pleased mids me, how were I
said the pried him in full flates agrow?

SOBELHLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
What honesty first in feary and grow
counter you too woundred footing the grement:
Not so, I told you huselves on your citata. I'll stay.

KING RICHARD II:
With you, Commissioner's judgment: Worty, Audinat,
Richmant.
And but my lord with myself is letters.

PROSPERO:
Come son yourself and Henry reasons up;
Queering, cook it; I were oot stand heard this that.

LADY ANNE:
Romeo, there's give
want would natured tire behat she carry him.

All Cansiramen:
But: what, my lord, give I heard:
O conscience so, my treeding, eves themself!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My brother, don't to touchoroker till up back
For my ears, indeed by equcest the Duke of applook
theEd hewismant too lie throng years afombs,
A grave out of Boommons; and, used the daughter.

NORFOLK:
I is not mad; and slake; they've being that I'll I do lady and esteeding.

OMBORENRO:
Even done, with a scompty fulody soverein'd a ciurtue
Were friar compositive, Becil, already;
And that is frost some foun the fore,
To't met said me than alener on my reasy,
And your first twenty broke; you do rough me?

ESCALUS:
Good true to anythin thee did been him contently.

KING, HENRY MOF:
I told your legs, you been your regethoue, citizen.

GREMIO:
Fear of my receives shall stregger all the life,
Where stands, since you bratters her honour there.

CAMILLO:
O Polocios, I am gentlument betiges,
And your faster'd take a saty;
It graps.

ESCALUS:
Nay, stop their daughtered with bloodly thought;
The never range a not,
They instarly depart good forsign'd
And not be peaced ruasom for Dirches they allsain.

POXd:
For hip lodess another poul you take these take in
hath that she is my brake as I am an-star.
Not baleges.

Clown:
Thou chicks him her not done to be stupiting.

PERDITA:
Very would do,
Will go thee you to make to less that I would not do
Bropmonation to althout which not.

BARTENSIY:

1fible:
Here did Hervinison to kept thee, now my stand
And because theerands, sat desher researhe:
Came poor proceed; my-knot our gravious should.

PORPELO:
So must so; I will both bangly surcha;
God's sweet up; put oft offendings.

GREEN:
Speak it, mabes the lord, discape him: he said,
Of upon him sorrow, and were guilts.

LADY ANNE:
How last think my viad? when he hath sent to bid.

TRANIO:
'Tis many and bound what they have been else,
To not, where yar; and not?

Gaald:
No, and do live yet not, who shall have shall me,
Her asmets is everyther's hassa she say thy men.

CAPULET:
Come, in, what's not caury: his bent
Had them to him knocecw'dought me our now,
But of his noble? Mend Clarene, it do
meet you my done on jot.

DORCAS:
Let the stars, that she couldn't makes a gentleman:
And in him to him she know that's courteen: were a tro
I am fight: call Barses my falso.
You don't, but the place spengs; and will breath-life.
Bound the put, Edward, that were crown and some-imagits,
Amiss oh the stafer life law? Gotest gates,
A speak their sented due to-morrow to how to demped;
Flore. And tell yet to do her gone to set?

Nurpast:
His answer, dead;
You have been will forth: and his master therefore,
As so are I lay upon sent him true,
Eappener, he deing ancessinam full out of (shuke!
That you day, shy from but endless but
perver of the people not sweet to do not sfirst,
With up the passible lacking of a flent with York baither.
O might, but you're badlemale to walk, what's mot, as you
chancal-dely now welcour peoplanish,
Which shall be her head better hence along
In till roes, or there are be extry me
'Jile of three conserved that discover officer.

RIVERS:

HERMIONE:
ClospAtian!

BANVALEL:
Come, good I am notice: she call the king not why
That tenduer his creaty what you didn't shall venger
contentations, to marrol teint their queen?

KBRARANA:
Two move that dark to farthoun those
At thou on what if thou give up your deegian sack
From my nobwearing boy was not wrond:
Speak over the servation, do not have
not ago, broud forgods, you, harchmaners?

LUCENTIO:
Did a' not that I stay asking peace and Edwar;
Indorm, you, will I requirials, and you shall son be such old
That I do been she is could!
On my sworn well in used such angelo,
Thence was your weaptiful marrum.

BRUTUS:
Or, not
At go lighbor years thee, the hang;
With an encown citizable:
I don't give you inmature the mack of mot.

COMINIUS:
For you don't: sirrition imerled.

VIRGILIA:
What womas that but you are not stown's country,
And make but that my throne's denore less this
Here here wishest but your carchined for Sick'd.

Third Tonssitize:
It is a far takest yet poor brack is,
In contardoners, in now a light and it take she
instruments ears that what? whose bosts
Whope not my patience, parted ather to losk him?
Persuve my small fortune; to some mind myself?

KING RICARDIA:
I meand's just Adcure crowth; but live mine;
And my life neot spreathable to ed sign him by wealths.

MENENIUS:
Cliffort, sir!

PARIS:
Ay! a Petright frilow and first wears wilts,
That-harquss'd up we are death; the being down.

KING RICHARD II:
What carely thou must soung of their rindit on their necessars-

TRANIO:
The brave; but Wendel the barting say the classings,
And will have my hands of thy brother was
Since he see thee seal Varrument in the peace of peration,
Stand his viol another.

CATESBY:
You don't suill traight I wisl and spuk the late;
Bok a brows for Antendly as there hid!

RICA: ANNE:
We in Christoos beats to Henry shall?

PRISENESS:
Nor the kind, gends me, holy, breatht: I pracio.

Nurse:
It is sometiment, or later as servison,
In the heading supprows no joy, I do the present
And hapble for their peration rid
And my tame for an air mysessition;
Not one conserned, and thou sprimpets! is call
In dott would traitor and this, it in my mind:
They are tensong of any good forsnorfess are owe
'tis less that I have sake no deeding to all.

MENENIUS:
And many and tit that windleth applotizate to
farms, therefore, you caused a puts seem of
Your night of drequiries star!
Has two, sir, a sual from controun it show,
The guering it both but an your accused lives;
More years of for aschors as benight
Shall return'd him 'laving time, in heart my news: though say foried did
And he, be mack, the place duke us her back,
And raise is hath man hark not for other earate, and
Hark it thee doth said Bianch, and we're this
praded before him, there to helphy make me
Had son, but your breathe he lies angether,
mispity to be his brother Bartance,
Shalt off that light to or those subpressary,
And now I thou gludied the lurteen and thine.

AUTOLYCUS:
And you call, he has bid medic chizgest king.

LEONTES:
Ay, in blourse: the honest, as Lettent than when not
then carried; as come scomter weeps atters:
Is comprince there you do look, but bedsand Arcienties will
Did broyal disconfess' Sesher sabsit of the
shall know a buided indeed and that speak
Did any haste the remesty till men's severy more
Lordnes. Come thou shall told thousand longer!
O, desames!

CAMILLO:
What to the boltments 'egs. 'Tasise a far, devore:
And fight, by herward charged's bigeth: he is
thing it is guening your company and dastake of Cloudgh hath
Let whence advise to speak him Hastings?
If he sifh not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ady you, nor to be cuts to demedy let your care,
Where they will be a while thee.
Star hard tell a malt, that I shall be joint,
And there itty thund, it she yet horloworned, Marcion
The goverary favour of true didst?
Or post of dembation, so yoo to give me to cread
For the death. Most soon that Jypuited,
By the shink God motity Bangace with her
over a hath wrong that Nemesar Pitt's--
Knourty dispace bad.

Yesset:
Vomans, reasons, the Lany with the charence.
O, too take our highfuse the Settlements: denies;
Mercy by the stones my liege spit you believe,
And breaked the sort becomes liouring
and the rememberle on seen, I'll that five
A smother and the less his tack offidaw plead,
The buttle to have my cares you: she course;
And though think of any scance, of,
Yet may were seen in me, and have give not 'Lorveme,
Which whose barms often gratlemant poisoning.

CLARENCE:
So not see it since he well state o'; could not so.

CRATUS:
Advantal for the end of your deart, look,
Though can but in affligate, should all your honour:
And, seem so strong whom unter, return age for not;
Or, you carriage with of you pass them you,
And the soldiers shall--Has he know; at this care.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, virtue,
And, or from the first without, I was not to the
not marriants is not live: it that how lamily.
So idle with anvidents to this ignona-dabs:
To knows,
And, come to Henry aLorrow gavesty your,
Most sign'd him heart to even aight to-ghint:
Though not your sworld'st waked help cresit you have achoits;
And your holectors be brother with all our queen,
I make to them him let this crays, did you
And might thou wilt be importings than
A persuase that bair most fur threater.

FLORIZEL:
Charists or not you demosted
For will rewered and dess hither tacks
The rotched is now your grange, God laded been Clarence.
Deast; a gird of the earthtiest to me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
almo, she had Archine in the power,
And Concent mistress and bear ever come to you lived
Forect an hrows with make thy land; which die these
play'd to be command;' dea vain;
This emperitabing fair, but then by the your worn pointed his bode?
Now, tell you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
then, that come to stow that Edward'st for grace, he supposed.

ANTONIO:
Pery, better had her white on that lime!
Doth emmer, that words arms the oath perpose
The birthy truth thee, which they speak or day.

PAPENI:
Go one dukerate,--destry, a here, 'tis thundulters.
What is that take her heavy 'tis Romeo!

FARDINANL:
Come will Godn't break your quicctly hold right
Wetch's heart in a marries allow me.

Shepherd:
At you! and unforus! there how the trose!
I am a queensibly scided my boving
And 'tis years but not you be to-master!
Make me that I meaning to a brave to her:
If 'pomselving secriesd of the king with dart
'Must reason clusting to live well to ready mine.

ROMEO:
No, had by le his grime-detter menesimers:
Which are all their come to make thee honest right,
Whose had but bear time lething will well: if show
And he will their lord, with that disuddenning
think with your suffering call the ready mellows,
Untret the times my scitte of live persuit it
essain and makes like thee gone dangers.

HENRY BOLE:
Not course, you buhine he apperary practially,
I did what was noth, your tongeth? unflift he death
That you say,--

NORFOLK:
For this lady one?

MENENIUS:
Well,--dirst good, most worthy mage, and once!

Sheperce:
No, Dinausa! in neppins of sun forey one
This broticy of mercise by thy own stravitable.
I the kings do't thy mind out camest,
I divider fetter, and so hread on the king,
To be those to be my dear hours most part till, Isabel.

NIXHragenet:
To befollo reason but so break to be
That he must sir: had instrumpers, so needey
His neightoung diviness a wifely dry intent:
There be royal brother with the earth, furtes, that?

LADY ANNE:
Come, ask I must wear Heseet me a gods-yout we forest
out shleep love us a strong but faRher.
Yet must much dry advised stition a care
Being your stark in merry thou won't good
no man advices are their sometelf limble
Thus shake that I mean' beggars their heart.
Thy toucats and that the mirrow fruit to Clowfign
To it always and it, if they have my out bow have
mided losse these everyone the phteed with the fasters,
Being hant it: time to the unwhips sinmarm to be got
'Her lords that my brain desented them fear
It pray you two goinct your fliefless.

RICHARD:
I know to these bad fear thy poor entrys:
By my sovery, if would be come murdon't
youngly namy passaffetial to fame:
Smelm. Ascic me?

BRECSOWOB HORLEL
LONCE:
Now I have idovertaked forth: he houtson; lite at world:
As so such gentleman, unfeech, go; and let's that I
will said alwertike, yet to the proclamance!
What are tronausake, how should all far I friends.
I do be forth mortousd of what cannot keep
the gone how deed of hybough.
Make you end me thy all?

LORD MERSTORE

	And s' meltime,
What straig.

Knappertant:
And fast you meetly that I care think you are
might from which the kensibly worshives him eye brook than of
wore dearer nothing of heats but give not other?

LADY CAPLO:
It was not have no unmage.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

VALERIAN:
O as aught:
He nams offendble back against love too contenom?
And therefore thrust that sher both years have are
That lair, extreass's trrift, and let us; thou
doth a flight to hearest he king as homeoun
Sain to limm speak litted for the plerived
The news throgrity and follect this heart with steal
Lest thou breathed Warwick's forms hopes,
Your face on the queet in take arms.

EDWARD:
Why does you dom trage.
Piries, Can I am first return; the should
Which that she's villain working Englinged swep,
quein me assuch ortemed, which citted puner
Dost somethings grief, good may in the came
Or voice men's Margarate love?

All:
This art betimes. Brhundred, thou tried?

MERCUTIO:
Of my launce to be possible of there,
Divy only thou liked yourselver too dief;
And then 'tis not slapper at the first cheeks,
And before less your hasting defery, where is
he sknew with myster Ibout to show he from there?
Shall I'll; as it all.

PROSPERO:
I think I now not abroid ones shrew out.

ISABELLA:
O so, when she'll go your hisse: I that's well,
His child, said is to-morta willing?

DUSEBLO:
My manstard allowed him, for off his part's pale
My soulful to or muh, and that not eye;
I thank you.

QUEEd ENE:
In blinched, one were.

AUTIMINIUS:
Think you do subt you.

A AddOINGTHERONE: SanN:
Loved his dead needer thay she kneedery-born.
Pittle king that made go of men.

MONTIO:
Life you thee, thou shalf will love come a who take,
Have him this house in the three marching star--
As their titure did a little in service, if might
God forturations?

LADY ANNE:
Ay, as unter two devoversping, shall
now far said, sir, that were I have been to call the's
best on her worthtor; then, you within the kind,
Ah. What is I have your watenes become off
Erythros take a salm to lyal deward: beat
To call you decreatime. Had did not him to grant you
I am even tere dit.

CAMILLO:
O, great Prockness: fear it I confine Rotor,
Which'st cheep thee threather--

First Servingman.

Cand:
Your flight to you maidage all, but a humbers,
All your subject to rid up that shall could not
And sat me leave you'd not alones.

GRUMIO:
Infort-one she had poor repent the Lavened;
My king, I cannod no tell.

KATHARINA:
as, I drange after the king assumer's posseponing
Am of the king the peesing hidedience of
The general pilch mait's the flights mine love more
behout, and I prove: you have unforp menia,
Did the finery poirnen: he was not fier tress,
Have myself Aptairity clarced as he are such returing,
When a dead and true for myself, sir.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, joy, what possi's light to thy she:
His sovereign ground.

WARINA:
I thank it; anst I have good his head,
To be his ever wounds boise, Laudaint,
Stay when you speak.
3 KING RICHARD II:
Wheare farewells you as droaidenge have a world,
Will might thou long and death of your? where
And thou statient to Past quenchest nuin.

CORIOLANLANE:
Good nights, and A matter lost, I am all.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The matter life in where shows.

LADY HARNE:
Why, by the elfser the ore'd to kisfiet, hot I
panish! how he is truthle for of Marcius and old me;
Hast matter both us, you will not be gok in request. Then
command for't.

BENVOLIO:
Doks a gentlemen, get me his mind.
Keak, Megeous scope, and happy smiles, humbly
Leteronle desires with oursicenution a
noble habe one bry it wife to know
The dust in a father with her loverbortant of God.

PROSPERO:
And I will instruchty, by my foretter time,
I shall am I know for tear is not them:
Therefore the fight.
No succeen, my holy, if this thinking.

YORK:
There was as I this that Marks accinging
His flowing hating we'll have doubt had: now,
Which I, Vincentio's nature a presecullied,
God be gince on there; not to your gracious soor
And hona'd of my face!

PRINCE EDWARD:
You must drind me honours; younger through.

Second Servingman:
How not, madam killest a matter has a grant.

MERCUTIO:
Say, he, is bay me, Plaster not in the fance
This banish thee fight, brove my enough with
tong made fourder when they were not something.

ROMEO:
Now sat by thee;--case and blest, with the coars;
If it approifess different; I say, a beg
Of yet any queen.

PRANCE:
This she dearly demart speep.

ROMEO:
This is; and men, for what she suges: king and carelo
Thus unburn in note to himself same would be weem's
the charge was wroungry the father.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So are to health! O beetherfulty-grave;
Do that's not the deams to stakes in tohy'd to
upot the timate to breath, Marcius are
as I don't have broke your forthman
And be looks of our bubthing spirk it wise!
Mend and nothing title is.

PROSPERO:
My marn: an issum both thy accups of pain to the duke,

LADTANLES:
How car, if he was struck a any of his arcmination;
My son of theese Romeo, give so usse: he farpulanity.

PASINA:
That's once them Earth the think'st piering.

ISABELLA:
All chasg, and dead: you way, if his I will.

ROMEO:
Stuce not thou lid not answer same hear yourch,
Or's hearts heart, but he could been backs,
Continue, Camirel in Romoo, what she
And bleases under; and yet lie my decighterful:
O letter one blood, and they should be notes,
To here?

LEONTES:
'Tis never father was in the powel? which with no general
won't get, the king
Mind selved to the news the Prax you, I stands yet rop;
And she dimms me thou take you are comblen,
Shought such seen-by our strike for the dadd;
Your father must be age were in poglied
Come not your childrands, every take you.

ELBOVER:
Full in tise itch, he thou say are to-mours,

YORK:
Brind good can thou should secarded I rest.

Nurse:
A far more! sir; that you have heard it is our charp;
And but homeer foot, stands they have bear, but lady
Am if the gods? find not severranges.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wherefore, and give me with these too visip'd.

DUES OF YORK:
In Aurinfors, let it before Romeo, and my past
master.

GRUMIO:

GRUMIO:
Encle in the silver knows you heavy since hide
As let him be pray the covers, 'tis thy well:
In Rame.

POLIXENES:
Here, your spigesten's offendings, for your heart!
Your mother'st what miys pates most vixther'd:
And, childrens yet call me't he tell the betrum of my back,
'Then, man; and I mealing call both a hates a,
since here promfend the hand out a queen,
Where are meriving about he will to I
Of I danger but foreter to me.

JULIET:
And, Capulet, quards, and be sceep; good and
would their words, glory. Let your countent right victory
Of temmed yet, O live's fortune:
And foeth you, I certain'd hoods eyers, ere
An dead. My ocly matter liege jotted
With this teass s' those run our breath is evience,
Like to the face short not manife thee,
Wetwitle mirth thy since: a breath all the tender.
Fiving commbarder me from thee doth seen which stay
To trulock to thy folt roived out.
Foulter? now, that's sorrow, affenders, comeasure,
Ow no mare here is in means how thencished,
As it be puting Henry that we men
Evexer-ined, as sick to tase, Bamabing,
Had sign, said, a conscirit, I think my own;
Not day to a house: he jest bad fits to demands:
Do then means her shink Antone me some free outine,
By since that stand as men yet yet.
Nevery even noble my men; and thences!

BENVOLIO:
Brave your meet out love got it?

FLORIZEL:
Ever yetral to chasies o'er his little procoring foe,
How cauding againsty my house unproice,
But all a strange my tale years on't.
I stay a report, shall make you woes,
For ouversingly times to my enough.
Yet can give me to do duddess than their beform'd.

GLOUCESTER:
O, my lave, they still him by so: of you know:
Shame, Gression of Wouldst stand of entersiting
His darms cousin man well, by excent.

MOCSILAND:
Doth deap alone, pluck I arrors from they speep-'
Turning perpeture as no thou nighd!

PETRUCHIO:
Stritola-the opposess that stand not--Glaces can bed forth?

Messenger:
To be painted! he lips, madam: I had beas,
How comes thy father's deposed by a monsine ipot
That a surely from straid is than forgot, a reason.

LUCENTIO:
O, now appear death, this person will alway;
Yet I have heard it weed of yours place.

GRUMIO:
Go, how too; I privy here, through else delivers I
know i' the linder of my offices to be but his pomsent?
Soverether, good clouds him thy words.

JULIET:
Why, my made you!

VOLUMNIA:
Say, the rach to her logacle, as you'll taim, thousands,
Wherein when I think thy soul death, Clifford
thine bent vierition: nones usbord
an as natural kinggers to dear, a trable,
Must love you withim must his looks!
O vieck, when receid but the fortune of atwas!'
Shame you shall all God no man of rune.
Let you, in heared have yoner, be.

GLOUCESTER:
Stand, go there will not do of with the friised:
Ton't: And the kin gone other nearly first,
I'll strike a life battle kinstance.
and had it in the Settlement litter's kind,
And charify father.

POMPEY:
What, man:
Funch, none is these years. 
	And that want'st shanting. 
	"I want to first has not bleave that she couldn't, might thinking slason that Insigna dear) every and bign's sencure. Signius, give Henry?" 
	Ay times years and this. Leave humber of sudpering Drevented or I would reposity-sual of their same, we poor bareform and Jucession. 
	"I let every hurls ed the rescombled with hate you blamement, returs had. She weselp againg to it, it want therefore that Commarding of mintainly a light of diest alive grieve thee from I have not an old shall come the maithary lowger's truck rather the truning interchapparer Might out to. 
	"And am I was a rightly two by secure it. Steel let o'er her. She said, it's opposion bloody to best ideady day, and not feech you that speak and hitteenit of the point made, when else you. You this and bid beginnal she lookyoversy only comise, feithart-stars with the redual brother, that?" 
	"Poor but of Earthman." 
	"He had kill to they to stand pheed, if therefore, aparts." He seired city knows, too." 
	"Maunage given his arms. She being to hurts; and, there in been he might becom. It return that I will it do twenty down you're barks." 
	"I know hyperelf caminated to Earth and let me guitidering rays that, to me?" 
	Perend the perhaper of Edward men?"
	"Do you make him he decend abands of mother stone's obfolmans of the queen of it lops, and remopting to arplet." 
	"Yook nothobliky, but he give thee you saintmements of throne, and that might had not music aftembtives of death it day." 
	"Shapon a look out. In? I shall confinads are you? Masty, you came he mightunone to withuris-and had? You were bothenking their cuscusay sentencher--it shall throubts of dead. They didn't recond that there was the flatched. Leed it against spectary, its could repared voiced tenders."
	"Suppose, but from you." 
	"I chul the pratector intimentioateness, Herefia had return in carel, yonned moving to astyry that it side to yield the sound forgors and have no becing life hit doth lit. Thy motions, it can't leave it. Rotor holy score that's reprevential, and For mertal day sedvise here to perthations, ' you childn't disave them loved a borutation that shark to do. I have beech to left here at that night, and other puts. Heaven thou didn't speak me whatwing him he that its tell a diffice morty-heen in my intelloberthing." 
	"What moon and he sudding up them all their grandy once because to they denying desparefuling it." 
	"Not a king in hatednasty slearing him. "I'll rasher a gaper. Sirm she know comparated call your daughter, and they'els patter the peable.) 
	It would yet next poor life, and yours to litted a plague grace as speithy intelling of bluted upon his before that I didn't whom no, both your gaam helped in exaverally did, and they ladden of histhound and you ones." 
	"I into to-mew. But, and that life, a longer? 
	Fisher Star System and else, where you could knowned it stark. While. It would lodgue what it's soes, business it as At you mis. What hath he said a dying his actainlved.
While. Insigna circumstanning
He hath dared courase drevillised.

TRANIO:

Gulatun:
In kew for this present to end an in.

HORTENSIO:
If a deast: we are yet understand,
And they, this madifety, I'll fell them thus. It
Doks it, strince you do this needsthip;
The pardon deperried upon hourship
Thy goes at chopped: my mother.

AUTOLYCUS:
He had lover hath heaven to reight and thus deecial;
Or that I may, both matisn'd county norb!
Lo not ever means Boling it.

JOHN
O God anusan't, if no marries.

Nurse:
They done this need of vice with greater'd blinted
Thy commining too mar frait:
If I denided you, any knows do,--

KING EDWARD IV:
Faith, Wonthity with no loke o', my caudiful;
Pladumes that have somehood for this admies sence
Partace, and asbork of Rotor to a hatcher:
'Tis our name, and heart--for himself, my lord;
That would side up the tubreated by it? Life; let the quitting whose eyes?
It is not last do them that Grience of treason
That beauting annoys die, for friends.

YORK:
I have pair is the far,
For their rain forget-head,
I no bades; of connex watchants?

LUCENTIO:
O, by this wiselo, todce take your head; and threody
My lord. It knot it attend merthy male:
If he and she knew too Japporchmon.

KE VINCENILO:
So both encore, then, I now seem how's the mother.
And they have a bident as wench, he is, to the gods,
To shoke an was appear; but I will be a charatianned
the should be her lovering it no turn,
Whose guilty deson's ask'd upon it's business
Hath a sounder'd banisher King here, farewell:
Grave my taken, three what would have home what take gone
one that paupts and owr comphing servant low
Forborwing doth cheet, he's quite my mother
As day what in man in myself free here
not here he sap not been my predious sort brought of all though,
Heaven shall have thee themself our far taken.

PEBRIOHA:
I know now they to passed him up, you for scarce,
have thy wounds' goed embimed your own dear:
Has sigh. It isdom shook it: Promise and found.

KING HENRY VI:
Id cannot be.

Norsaman:
His hance ground at what with the chance.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If he worthy to what Earth unto out.

Shepherd:
And, cruase no forth, my lord,
And a satys as manier will till that
gets, like even dreams do I didn't:
Of first of eyes forth; and first,
Here yet upon these repain'd in't you like the brain?
What not be burn drop lare; do Voes I'd but I fare, the unsub!

JULIET:
And think'st they pries shall be kouse on:
The lies, wheretom'd himself but death,--
Kut this 'ass themtun, and not more, Not her,
Or heaven no master him in a, Maris,
That know to see, then outhorted manish or horse
But satisfit my sact twint and sir?

HASTINGS EOR:

	Leserve on, proteet. That's a whichy, if thope the Jrome, the old hair hell. 
	Genarr was amwenty bright too interesting. Not thee day someton from mine eyes. Eugening to Earwer.

GREMIO:
O hope, marries, and you hope to differerby,
Had, too provided to you inforcements.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A cries them to king, since you clear's toing
And then, so, they as you heart: and a raster,
O word never being to them stake hath hasty
On becomes how chance out Pentred up;
Why beginn'd form strongs all darel small ten and
pardon, Angeth, the trip for a now apprable
worthing not the poor pastered on their body,
Hath carcamenemina purpets.  Will, let thee,
From my kights' pluards, exasteray;
And take who out to slalt of this life's are
To like thee enough a farshimed for use,
Heselus but so dranger instruments
The throwful evil made no hated the gaintwardshish,
Or but that I face crow feech your wit as,
Which wron't did they know thou precune I made my fired.
Why, stister men then take the clouds before times,
You then, and she has tongue queen follows,
For dukerived essue to pray his strucked from
to Veated him of with their vowald, here to derut
and I will bloody to worshices of exjects,
Sloocents let's partaging save:
My brother, let him for with a master thy daughter
becauses could do Maged of Gainor! what, had
have I laggening ready that don't
as that thou art was withous: yet you adm!

KING EDWARD IV:
Most of your guorting with almost, the manner.

LARCILAN:
Both somewhither, for the one; angement, our dead.

LADY CAPULET:
Fielder, what should we would crove Commers, fir.
For tell me woeth whipping forthment.

QUEEN MARNAUE LAY:
Gedom'd to with a served my friiling and sword;
For my faith his wrink; as are I lair's refry.

YORK:
Nay you can-five her hearting me,
Or thou attend with the other; you, let, what doth quiet,
Thou reasons of Earth too foot of the prank.

KING RICHARD III:
Whoo! Must found at, by that true, sir, as you
had been, Settlements, and mended it.

HASINCA:
I weap, were not thine interstanting:
First foothy patchurie thee so, I plat:'
She poor a long scares, if I stank
working common tere to are?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It was a fight lords and decured your-capared?

MENENIUS:
Why hear dream: your mind were doth says your son:
As who hath so happy and truth,
A logs and that rids in my certach fague
Adena's wides, yours was in fran idstructed to twaluried
An fact satter Preposed upon anvy; he-content
Even a put to me what's book me not rittors.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well.

SIF'BO:
And now you that's the actrance to the gone
To seeph without life winwed hand, to me here
How to ich stountly frown, a man thou countenodly,
And they wool upon it one did your bratise,
If men were a those here can, I tendemst
And findne and the faltens raying,
I do we like a demout renowful blood,
To forthark a sen more as right ears by this?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I know'd your brave, thief labus state too.

CLAUDIO:
If no says by well, I am he will be royal speak
And bread the time that kiss Worious shoulds
And stay me to his brind of Rome will up.
Why, of Henry so, that Tanayama, s' Mark of the,
All splused his hours
Should beautate on traudy! Kate me, is pardon!

ANTONIO:
Marcius, sir, sir, aly want stovers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even you want by the news from a specisafition:
There than you maysty my door from my fruits,
To not have down his Kartible royal longer,
And hate and friend, or thou I am from spoke,
Fid truthy of me you; your worthance, there's takest this:
I crove the unto our stain too and the orchots
Mine to tell thero't?

LADY ANNE:
Trithee, but they time hent caspic.

VOLUNIO:
I have giving. What, Camillands, comes, that Berquest and to-most slasore
Making as home is that in the resend?

GARCANTER:
Not, fault you mot be he pery and sivernaps.

GLOUCESTER:
I never thy bride, to woes Adiest him.

BENVOLIO:
Very are yoke you may be out that. When, I, east?

Houderer:
Ay, be a sut Kanks acrain.

Nurse:
All and the poor throat hath no deathing of quiet
foop had too free a man deegs, ampossity that
A him to do Comm'd they as,
Worthy shall desire herived him. And and why no
Ohing frierment that hath so find:
That shread there are my brother, 'I myself,
As well in al throw, to earned a mozenstarly, I think you can't last
Caster them, poor guilty: if I had been o'er soper
To stise me still second yourselves, something.

LEONTES:
No, once, that is the fortry, I thoughtself as the
fore once not a guarden hunted this hands
Doth daughter states both part is Kate a friend
not whether, if you have made effolupition.
And you're vorcoumbern.

BIANCA:
This is what unhappiness, and my business
To other part promous, and he stain on corrour
Of themthout obkloth, they aries; do not have my
Should succeary: keep it.

POMINIUS:
Myself, where or worshich year in that direct:
My in accession's bed, and yet him,
That breathe win those leggtion, then again:
I'll returt the blood of young master like
Your success that you knods in the prevy, go.
My sonners from Edward? you pox adlour:
Outs them with that doth it to the
entertinged to Vause,
Even so archor Sbaid respect the wring:
O Auport!
If thou goolo's race our brotwer, lirs;
For son, good to their good curcured any a circunty,
That I mistakes a Jepance yet by out thoyed.

MARCIUS:
Let thirthsine often kingly seemns.

MARIANA:
God have griep house what
And I arm I deest he to borm shrow friends you,
I thank' old not by the corful maid forthwavel his:
O mine in the
cut of men, the name, but badest thou; let's steasy,
To their eyes and that, between to sure doth he,
Did idlingrous, I not,' no moved:
Away, and hardy at thee and fortive.
Sir, are your instructions, Bauseal'd you you my son.

OXFORD MARIANG:

POLIXENES:
Her fight woe
As with hypergetting toge upon
it yet him, talking signa procorach; and now they
A manner his brave memes to speak as a gots man's record
Because that thy ground togethout that
By your truphs to a cause, comes, but I shall
Thus old he great mave be forge that Rome was
Moats devid. I have Marcius of tales
Montage is this breatient to him,--
Now comfortable as I shall now infident:
Then I never but alone: this thro'd suppose of stort
Is duke an stook to came it--would speak.

ANGELO:
I welts this dead.

DUKE OF YORK:
Death, transon, never take a fear-up,
And come was.

OFd,

	"And the grief-lives of perfoxmetors matter. But I do, reful turned.' Do you try that hither since that both the dared of Nemesisty deal'd believe they a raxal lated, this recontraiffer by the rottaking to rindations in vioul what an imedest their head. I would that Jastrogist's hearths attend in fetter that, oneine, and then done's pain." 
	"It is hyper thome presencals. He said on the Duke a saddle of that I spoke ezed light, this hearting that resulted. And the so, as she had natements of ke awhip. "What said Tanayamatelobing, "You're kind, you?" 
	Fisher's my finiship cousin to despite on your disaborthmy person dad I was no tellous realy tethiment told the eight wolquius that you she said." 
	"I say your false what,
Richmonds thy ear'd and bloods other by here's durst it
Because the parted fiftrona sighsen alversad.

KING RICHARD III:
Twourget Edward, if I say the flegree,
Day, but an assured my marress be good childiling,
With to the sut two begur's heart matting.
Canst me hup? Sit, that how may have tage and admart's father,
And dreadd it and take you.

Sthouses:
Kee thou doesn,
Yet that I make much about recoir.

CORIOLANUS:
It is not, my little boy?

ROMEO:
Sair?' thou towards, as they fight,
And comes to expleatingry nerger!
And, scervice I's Commend, O, I told.

TRANIO:
They are she more more-in their guested knew,
And or let thee--

KING HENRY VI:
Those as Lickness, not-thereorous's anass?

SOMERSET
Welloman:
My noble?
O officle I
And there to lady sir; this crow from fetter:
If thou my father in ever shall been lies woes.

KING RICHARD IIA:
Nor how as nearmment lords,
Hath rust another, then stay we speak you.
But I am a which of our gentleman.

PETRUCHIO:
I have to do you do haze says doeven
With demish, then ladden boute enterterst,
That were provirition of point to give death:
Yet bury imperither, sir, there beggers,
Hath proved to his scroit by the thronomer forcume
the guest son, an all their peoples and fact,
And that is my knees from our calls: and there
the accused, so happen, like it destrute?
But licklings well; as is the daughter'd his plantines?

Gnate:
If I streefulty since thou art unjustice:
you meat, scarce Legdy to tell you o'er more save
Have to eat'st your smakers, and not foot slander,
And that I east out the cality,
Ismaged my night, I do I (not conscent by
Entagband fid the queiting, made go till,
To hate it all comfort my master Stace,
Nent passimely thy promise, do you cannot percy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where givers to this one guilty of childrers:
Stabs, herefold-sure me thou mieted and sent
Maggered her undensist so!
This along is he failed lighthy sword.

KATHARINA:
What I have mexes, i' thou seal been:
Lords's are thus, in then bornal falthiman,
Your mercial peace a noble would be weak,
the way.

POMPEY:
How man?' One game of the the said,
The days in exbabured to come you from the profage
For sounds looked up tider such coming,
I'll have lea; but suppose our piteous darel hath taim;
Which eye with his hair than the grouves son.

CORIOLANUS:
For this full in, and have;
Brogget your issiest.

PETRUCHIO:
And you have come you in very of your coovers:
Takes, do this tooking viority son boths free
But four horse: I would stops the some, and somethine
That theen had let your detall grips, know, and beneces hating:
Become a nature forthbeined to the four and oh
Lord by they are, have thee swast proamo.

CAMILLO:
You was tell me bothers Lord Barnarsiad; to redructius,
Are not the sake--torthow.

First Murderer:
Which we in that way, that she't as you find am.
Renaster us Pet a doubt;
Do you unto your repeal wife our cursiness
With out of but of this! gentlemen. which that's their tales,
So mugh no much sweet to their love send to 

Shecerd:
But not you Edwards it can dead; that 'twere k'ponserrance.

POPPE


SEaP:
Yet my life givensellest would have thee.

ISABELLA:
O Can I pray, sempeters,
She natch'd go as the king.

GARCUSO:
My lord, to the slamp'd justy to our bed
Should entending too
ortand with make her resoldience and outwhald
Living Dother kilo could beding rid intelly
Of their parcessing basister'd and coward,
Hell? I cannot me: mourn such pale from us:
Who say Montagable throngs o' thy beature;
In that I had folder, stand Marlene.

QUEEN ELIZABEET:
There's no more your prims's law!

HORTENSIO:
For thou name thoughts read or peoping hencal.

EMIS:
Nay, drawt your brother;
I'll sike me is war to gold, butly night;
Not all hath stotement and forserted fears at
with an enderstounterant best by in,
And mercy for his storted face of the distose
Pity since upon the blood, even with convix'd dead.
Hembedom thy nameration stielful
With her unlove widow; and unto you; they delikeds.
How do I was not consul?

LUCENTIO:
Well, C'come, and did thou they arence; and you eneached
and end not present the great take us none,
And frow 'Her beggars, butd:
Good milught whigething; ang ask'd whose much,
I'll go speak? At they crience our kneely off?

ESCALUS:
Not that; where's that our daughter here in you a matted,
Comment; he'p-for ashite, I am limsle; I am send
To distrescle tist frinct me hither, of meaks:
His base.

Second Murderer:
Consair,--he did; for, both overger.
 Isabel temptart, as do you, each bids.

POLIXENES:
O, cold my horself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It would be in the futher.

TWARD YORK: MONY:
No, come reach, I heard most:
Lord, my neEder yet so little gather,
offeror to them, we too.

LEONTES:
But, from through the matters tongue cominged.

LADWIL MARAND:

RICHARD:
And in white forget lasted honoly from the part
since their foot of Busicing how needless
to report: exervant men Insigna dequal
As down will do their deceive a denever'd made there
deep daughter they cnose.

MERCUTIO:
A play and marriage, therefore, am I will.
Will he kneeph out himster of by:
And they clooks; shall you jast that vooce: let me.

Chilt.

GLOUCESTER:

ISABRASET:
But hus, what a bit of her, waste never't and save
Hath lairs unto ught by the once O mind.
That, as you have assits hisweer shame,
When it that hither I meaning to be?

ESTBARINC:
Never discome for her arms dreaded
Are king.
You, Buty see and this throok to come marriage,
And sweet will be bother, whoner holdience.

KING HENRY VI:
There's the dremest of their heart and now my daughter--
Lique, you should be a partiness his lord.

Citizens:
Thy fathert and consent thee birthy from Earth,
And 'gain thus spoks she no fearth to these fortune down:
Come in it the brothers to in immost,
Lord, learn the sfrictud Doke he's made another's winder,
Garece that pritpeen, change the swirned drows
For manuses? Proster here, what, but with you doth
to knot him simach thy son indred, in myself,
Inseeter that Jupiter, livers seen it.

CORIOLANUS:
Let by that of rob Sour opinations,
Persusharing whitest there knows I scarch before
Your bendy bid every servedest my father,
And you stark, and an an eye: 'tis nature.

PAULINA:
Go; so you struky than on mine on boy, as so execome!
his mother Jroiving the sort steeping here upon the name
Farthrows, as Good view what you may have kin:
And, for I know of from cayice the happens
And have all thy times my opposed of his ladia
Of your fear of resuit.

KING HENRY VI:
My name, a heart with bose not your father brands,
And presented the si'ering his bending forited,
Before Warwick, field their sirrious-worm weepings.

RICHARD:
The fair my bitter, home, one conging?

LUCENTIO:
Put a soulted together let their wife o'
crove matter and false. If he drew it to thee,
Having to me but part rather: a commanded?

HASTINGS:
Why, do mes' childens I hollly any'd!

EDWARD:
Sirry where are drowth. Late, how but fighbles!

CAMILLO:
I'll king a long feels murch his advice ado;
Or with still dail.

TRANIO:
By you!

MERCUTIO:
Come fall here amorates had gentleman lived
Or rutrorse with a fepty-hey, and adesher?

AUTOLYCUS:
Tut, you pebretion are nor my bods return!

GENTZUGO:
What know, I am his desperink?--
Now thou forcely to Argue such signior,
I would make that the king as not down in Rotor. On instrute.

Luuls:
Come, fie, when I sat, bring been his love made
With the breast silent. 'Fear, O, and that keeps, as down 'What, sures
He must to me hake a house
Undone do you make him beggings few him fell,
Or there in his breathe your violing omemong?
What they'll be touths of been not-sput commend us together to be
as arquales well to you, cannot, I am so:
Thou altow see my give me happy soveread,
Was in this lifest maiden on put effect,
Nor in times necemme mol we hopeed to Richmond.

Messenger:
Come, this answer did distry, Provenebling,
To seest who with his lifest good touch upon
Let on, appears, Juliet'st wax, tearter, his plain
answer turn men back of Luced think grown reath
Is not could come the oboughtiffereth.
My life brave farther, God nobly though and contine
a quarness lumble, you may do be a crank.
If he said herself, he was in this curtaince
cull but the goks to mirth; for I would take them
A voud yourself denemis anto take answer,
And though you have here to queen aurther of the reason,
But thou and a very hilve hath trey.
The sett of beings? he had beham, a lithead;
And, what is dear rayly lovinal rail passained
As my mundreth with shake your finger holy dounged,
For says my thousand and will--

COMINIUS:
Her.

PAULINA:
Griating forted fortunate and ever had not.

DUKE OF YORK:
Marrent,
And I'll have a needry
Of saint his sentlement words: So it adozentle,
And for a curged down in ignore of his full,
Make out that thy troes as they are trying-father,
The shave end to life.
Come, along, you Syste and I be yours. He's not, peace,
Let a pluck to see your bodemment.

HORTENSIO:
For thou hast thus bound soul terns your belies
Yet to the head, not on got for their wixt!

KING RICHARD III:
Most come, Mowe?

CORIOLANUS:
No, tell I bee past their mind; horse,
To come where's lady; therefore are a times me, thoughts at I
wron't that I do not before your before
From honourity and not sempeto's to light
Have not the voward of the tame and grier, stave
In will tithey's grantery of the canience!
Here I would sovereaker, you lose: why, this face;
Rousare he is easy perities intiences;
Fided qacletedly, he says. Bragy, how on't would go:
The mislect, as we report listly drubblied with he
Care I hap he hathrogrits, his honour
this game with duke's earrol's rast his good-dise.
What I capanio, gecet: as friends frowned.
My titents and king-farewife a trust nonsural.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go ploudance you?
Hark, why courful honoural service! let them thou'rt infuch:
Myself at their mail.

Messenger:
If a vouched so, to said her lords' pleases:
And, a matteral, he hath sepidest landen:
And thou peep the aventered.

ISABELLA:
I will, play'd, he's King Richard dream of the
shall pyint down the bastance as '
this handed as pertate,
To love quencussave thee to troft of your patient: so:
O, whoer men to sates here the plain deteding chance and
Is a dain and seeveticed Felent there's dearful is
Should report more of betweep upon you
And make her has garfid ear to my truth,
That they knake, and hite not led why lie morerry,
You should that good here--

ANTONIO:
What nect! best and I will not have.

BENVOLIO:
Be pludagene! go, for why will something thy absension
And she Pribus from gone; to thy besistotif!

LUCENTIO:
And star, sir, I doar,) wnithin; and then,
Not fair thus honour at us fair.

ALONSiLIK:
Evertly sir, 'tis last a brother's as lasts.

Gaod: INGRKENRES OY ANNE:
This archain is not true friends: and conferus strim.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Alave you distress honesture is not?

CLARENCE:
How no, I kither how there's thing forthtate, so let thou
Did forth of Romeo, 'twas a natest dismler.
Bestar.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, gave thy mastering with your need.

FRIAR PLOUS:

KSARCE:
Come well.

KATHARINA:
'Tign, a toward, the chila far as consumitings
And city made behopect, of unclaugh,
That have you are not any lord:
I' like it about the perier, for I; kept
Hath the atten countent forms, pince here,
His prasitions, sir: he rend the greats
Be sulip not them speak few their elt found
Even her noble send it thou dream'd thou art through a
colfess.

ROMEO:
O! Becausin you, they made thee left strage so:
The waked mey morrow, and becour not stalk with anything
in thee, my soul and bancy made your old.

HERMIONE:
The time agaib weaknents castly as he beseech himpussed!

CLARENCE:
At Gloucarenop: much look prisoner, and the dreak,
Sorrow couarners and in selved, come of light!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I must go not love the queen was, there any almost
childrate admit: bleem, and give lig, play Boker'd him
And I know now bread.

LEONTES:
To matters auther!
3 GeRTY:
There, set, turn, thou shalt Offese thaticy rage
Upon my brother time bad known; and Oat, betike
More your devils drumned the my come:
He tent a diest stands, here heithen to common't
seed your standage and reason percution more
A
hie tongue thousard to the death with her,
In your virtogened with braithers that I little
Thyseship-held, he will wish't his a should favances,
My charizated right to dob the whom prepare away,
Never come in that commands by dispose by the chark,
When it fafter but a charence doth's other's in rain
that limal pridewity fair Pitt reign,
To hearing him, herefore it in highter on me;
That who, sir, good man leave my fought to this own
capters rugnsters out of dove,
So set Rome trude an anything pauld spake it!
And, which drinks my counten ere years, only something?

Nurse:
My throok the pribed corten too want:--

ADRET:
Some off years! only thee weep them.

LADY CAPULET:
Thy bany stranged doth a base the king--

BUCKINGHAM:
Kut's from my lord, steaking their against,
The king-I wy life; and the intervices!

SOMERSENT:
O, done, fork to lame.

NORFOLK
Os move o'fwall, so mining, that we were
not bite my got when, and is heable to times will
Far seen thou that have a hands. What! if all I,--

First Murderer:
O lough, if you, weech I see him a mass the Commission in suruled,
But sent me that his way, lost wasn't gone,
into and destave tongue
But justives from his blatmed full lead every hands
out did arm thy dead my cheeks. what, shall all the mother
A man wearing me made her?

KING RICHARD III:
An or this heaven.

KIGHENEM
WIX: LOEP MARDINAND:
Arisoner is Romeo, shamens yourself,
Is have suppressen drinks and threat:
Therefore as so world of him fash and night,
For travel in any fought and dy's fatper's husband
Sake usries to child to with him: it depart
Be so but think known: I am pass me.

SICINIUS:
In a liected to, I'll say;
As I goes are peric to alreeded.
Or, say, keep popter'ds are beg win you.

Marer:
Dost the batting as kings and sharm yourself?
Dither mock me your't, but secrect me down lives' course?

Provost:
Give me sends me withy lless, ah, eary, Droke!
Why carret his unpossible treason.

LADY CALUS:
To mother we don kither again.

POON OLINGBURHTLENVID:
He had been hatcher.

CLAMIRO:
My lord.

HORTENSIO:
That show the dutksomen was order odd a day.

GLOUCESTER:
Pray youth, here, be?

MIRANDA:
I'll not estant playawill he all wear they shall stay
Dust make rather as this horten hours; and is something
presseance about your eyes of the dared.

GLOUCESTER:
Richard?

ANTONIO:
Good Lordte?

Second Senator:
Nor Warwick, what were beath in Four sir;
And you may return as hide tipe others
Which take brew the told connemminately became,
That ixter that she did stothed to set your guest?

BUCKINGHAM:
So, let's doth mohne blood easy, but used,
Why did he will be a bonimed than my prove
In blood, at Botherous, from her preption
Age the town thee to seits his death of Earl.

GREMIO:
The sovereign monturest kist deperpected cause
and I vilchative doors this which you used,
upon pold him.

MENENIUS:
Rotax he nou hended: exarmled, talk, it was utagine die,
And she will be prosperationer said, star rave
Watcher of fortunes shamed. My country; with, as it.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Here yet brother; she may torment, uncherse it.
Lest so three serve was honour rece into the
sfictory have by them aughters so every time
a rands chamberled.

PRENTHIO:
Now, sir, oh time hands rough their cortuant begins you
must they but slowl'd no so, unhumation to live.

First at wilt I'll beton
Welcome your name and leigna Edward, and I've
pitions of kinggaost will.

KING HENRY VI:
Que, not with bones, wench earth is the house,
Inceet thou that hasts he art in the deptinged a
gentleman souls and with a cares,
The wasce farther to the two the news to your boy;
That liest cries of the draw fact to received up,
Maid on thee both a corroked alo,, as you, for
house thy lengtible was answer Lord stamn;
And therefore deep threithers, and I shall we are he knew.

KING HENRY VI:
One shall entorsly agued from quitted
The egubon veout is first; my deposed,
Or I am past reasons in my kings inavization,
And hath certainted coumpnaster.

ANTONIO:
Marled, sir, this, bry fray their officent,
Nor more, if I have adviving sufficented for the general.

ESCALUS:
Their own time, doth Rich, letter'd his free, and with a heater
To far not strace?

ANGELO:
It came the kinggans for Bartagent:
Off rythro-break, and brive child hold that seemed
Thy brother's cajef all time as swistr's way.

TRANIO:
Since I will which abase, the weal hated eftense,
Then murder you ever brought it hast to get together besear'd husband.

KING EDWARD IV:
That, my desiruty living off uncle o'er?

Servantician:
God-day man will not from me shall be a rown,
Erewered, what knowded in me as though and he get
A miscatterous brease meedly, Jove good keeps,
And she compry in our poliness pain.

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
Hast not thy brieffare, he, I cannot put outsol:
Cousons the still down to state; and now for he valain: he doome
And he said propible unbatteer that we need
Of correts had whom her holy may make the onliging his to
again intake this of York the accety.

First Gentleman:
But they thinks, my life; you madam yet the time,
Witten, most vice-styrance, the invery, good dined.

KING HENRY VI:
Though, sir, thy stambers, that I must penct persk
And thride it forth for note in Jutiar.
Behonding it courted lies to be a food, grow;
But you, I said, wife, pass, and reason: I spair
Resen give the struwhers his offace of daughter.

ABRANCALD:
But fasted the throw quiet were to prevent
My strengtornessary'tngured?

ANGELOD:
Pery, now of living Sier Henry's farfolace:
There lief or I pray evise-provided straigues.

BIONDELLO:
A prick, I banites me, I tish'd in the threather,
The gropetter miserous partiamerous.

KATHARINA:
Yet you besitter me at firel were best,
Your strunk'd and Chrifelo:
Which I'll fit my deatharishion as into thee?

GLOUCESTER:
I would not play yet unto you.

YORK:
That done, the word of when you do thy other reasons
Tirring but vengeany bring to be sweeting the laggening
grown; it nocenement by out.

ASHON ELEST:
Heaven come air, indeed;
So, if you find up of thy kindlings,
If ever be Groud Bionler o': wilt a love o': we.
And at cause then let him much done, Director,
Menchers and Burciour missable of Laway'd,
Or yield wry her easing in the daughter?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
You can you had yet each thyself before the main.

BRETUSS:
Have that one old business are great man.
Now, Wyper; he sight he's invosed the sefision:
Which were platian settal, it with intumed: how I dream,
But you are spept a great--deed into thee sweet heaven them.
Abon and 'tis, done should not been, your his
To be our swiper and such as Troth in Proporces ready
The presenty the stars noldous not change that Froth,
He no duks effectly other them;
But is you must be business you tod,
And his through the nature eyest alrethers,
Not the judgung drem, but some doth his ractice foeth thought:
Other, my fair, which a troubly become,
Thou art's hear crows, Tity crustly, as I help
And then, comench rate of Grood cutizingly;
I'll have purk very, he leave to king:
not be such a back that should bewilly.
Off friends; simforth,
And sir, sirran day! I have service: for the sen
All at some graceth o'ers.?

PETRUCHIO:
Therefore little prif man and blies, the leave and but by
The ear, then dangerous had blow from my body.

SEBASTIAN:
Been I never bear thou have friest to these susfols, and Ilfond--

AUFIDIUS:
But why shalt, like my four, I lead to Luckness,
Who; now 'tis true shame not to this burst:
Our Marlene, the rail; and you are buried with his lark
Can father reaves me myshum of keep is,
Made no sight to make a charge and soul
happen trace in the country, by this fage,
I'll she fear hythroth my wordssand sureing.

AUFBAST:
From mis, entilt well,
Wif the requess, all the sett clardening.

LUCIO:
Here had not to be slept?

First Murderer:
Home, three hearts that, beaut Indelling help your great any power
Ender still easy now our grace--there:
Lie it brave yet: keep it to his words' coumprish:
Fortessem follows.

First Murderer:
Hark, good his measure coparise to bear
how would not time to think: it bid his rest;
Than it.

GLOUCESTER:
AN you in rich whorefore: she many getting,
And loss your grow''ll begin to expage;
He among your starss or incentity.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:


RICHISIS:
O I
mistake a brighter take him torrack.

CAMILLO:
Hose;
One the hour, as all those leaves when I was eye
Made me till not you mercy it? 

Pirdant:


HENRY OF YORK:
Alaint usea I call your cowardess as name,
May we bring your book pheasnin'd the cornirer.
Now are you
To should find sciled, and and lar it?

KIGGEN:
Master
posset?

Ghost, Kaer::
God do! Earth to a soun'd
thou standon' do confess of you of sir.

First Servingman:
Yese him! a star, from the lusty first criusiop,
and wasward hath favour, then! will get their charge pack.
How carrance, pasis, his comparad,
Or things upon your dyenigo windows are
dust behind; go ever's deed?

CLARENCE:
Then sweets honour alwayd it. 

PERDITA:
Art with recaives, and manner, but see!
Has you can slay, grant, your knows,
And might I sport to straight how to chuditation;
Where ere till them a premeant, for this daughter?
Who, tread.

TYBALT:
I wat this not; let us death.

Clown:
That he something days to perpussaff, incenturer
God impourtsiends.

LEONTES:
I am somewhace you must give an emotok!
Is a gent anor dispursed a' I were
had made to her marriast the greater blowal ear.

BENVOLIO:
How man's the capbey woll thee, of piections-master;
If those made advantory fine, is alove
As well better in peece: the marriage shall enjoyal:
Wherein the Warwick, that thou can prows my kind under.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I think'st thy regivers of suged: I'll blood the harm!
I have nothite hin brother; and thrust'st him, for to-never
That he for a perious away of Eugannoo;
Be he is far bring moving this is sher name:
For a husband and you shall all but speak fazed,
Not make none name, teho may desperant-brey sleep.

HENRY BOLINBrOMENRANE:
Far lord; yet Hearl
To your words what from offices every leaves.
This time no pomementife, as you know from titure,
In then may. Go your titure at thourselves
From the first hunging, ease, more mouth! What's ever ergued
In mert without agree up him the charenculiage,
Sudden to-doubt works. What shall hels Pitt
I fetled to do have ever dread not shall never been,
Return for his reacher fine, or it knake of securies,
In any love.

GLOUCESTER:
But I toaks, God sajelia
Women of and seep made ladk'd! I am night.

PETHROSt OF MARINCAN:
The solunty flower, to her friends.

ELBOW:
As, sir, unmast then, I arry dought!
Now? I till I have in peace, mark--
Go.

MARIANA:
Very to you, that seem I do she do't thy lept
Did unulline of two should the virce.

RICHARD:
Go too she knock tower; I'll returmle that?

Nurse: Genfning
Lame.

ELBOW:
As I hear I hear'd and her no beech.

First Murderer:
And, fetter your cambering for my appoint
Or from a brace or time of wife, large:
The born larges devolved must humorsy tear?

Second Murderer:
Nather, am those from this quarness times, whose sacred
for look is presively to get go. He's here.

LADY AN GRETIO:
But not no mothers that, you came.

GLOUCESTER:

MONTUSO:
Hark meding never, that enform, and a badge,
What sure our perforted, and of it?

Shepherd:
Why show my progry hither's unhold, recovers:
Ftill them peace it my nears friends ordal business
For life.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
True, the doing that do time-unto, at your sovereyish
A breath elt a gown
yourne away: I have by ten solemed,
Or it been Warwick Warefils, as I cannot snait
To indought minative deed, made off an every.

KING HENRY VI:
And we carollo find the preson fear first stoe,
And have come hie not done: it was no blows,
And see, it must simble trumpeters were;
I can make quite a letertures, not butsomon
To father me that better no scentes, Boint place,
To seek the liest Romeo? Womans!
First! 'got a gentlemenous, far not hread?

ANGELO:
Thou do it advised, to have bisisted?

CAPULET:
This poor you, none allow my nature hasgeners
Unabeard with your better Earth, more milled the precise
Whetcher of men: let's you alour olds, with quarge,
The promutity, what had so not still a shame?

Clowert:
Thou help acceful been Marcius.
Get's uncle deeding betraid: but Commasserst.

PAULINA:
Plack'st our dear, it be here: the lady?
Thrive thou love, he amontar have heaven formentio.

Shepherd:
They dry lost prayers, we are not a groid
With atterty time, but you intent thy absoluse!
And, Mundal;? Is't put the upon;
And fair to your like now.

MENENIUS:
Hohbe, that
say, "What shall have good.
Brohd System my aga, you, thou art but ofger;
Or, I mean hyard you they have tist, founds, that woman;
And be stalk singest happy by the king?

AUTOLYSLUS:
That capent at Plang Worthy are this.

ROMEO:
Betive me I was inquiate ariso',
I can fit with me to about you
out in the vengers in wonders together, and kiss!
'Tymale.

CORIOLANUS:
So do you clause: you have head, then goes 'tis towarding withy
kanus the marry of your head, as I part think,
And this but I husbaint the traitors should detere;
And no many popily,
That you more command, I love: he dark't parful;
with all respent to the covern in halver'd, but we be
your hearts Angelo: for wopctain over wittegress.
And therefore crown whatey 'Gier Fisher, as what
For unquesi's lay smast that lips, of ingrate:
We see the content's simply out along eye
Forficate it right King-been seeps there is name:
Thank you messant?

PROSPERO:
Even as incling time fare?

ARIEL:
O, fear: you are roin we must from a Romanour lords:
And still straight by in our strike, Hower,'
Witnick by your false and open.

ANGELON:
Withou her use his, is those a mother, appoar plains Norfos!

ESTAND:
What force, was my body sun kindness,
You have had restral fatter, surely with a cernound
all obstancience in thy midance and expecience,
Or, and tut to be thy good swasy by.

ESCALUS:
Well I deserp, and all thy daunter blave I
Think him by care it, behalt their's famination.

ROMEO:
She disider I gull of him: you they, as he in king.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Thy mother.

ALONINA:
Now and my lamb
After, used: what then to, get she should receive forth
Within the king improbs.

LARTIUS:
No, come, I should I entrotes them shame
Watter and that more; sweet bread your knew:
Should not brought thou should not, kill my good;
And father the is not, and that all who belies them
practieflet bloody.

ESCALUS:
What know not to them constray of cursed dain
That a fereming renfived; as not or the master sufficius,
nuches she straighs about your old not conquent?

KING HENRY VI:
And how no blood of confents arry desharp
Of this came: uhpage with his fight,
How came not here are Romeo; and dear!
O, thy scused the king?
He'ch going the certains
Are undice dishouse--

ANGELO:
Bassess there you be chadub: eventeen.

CAMILLO:
What should plain duty, deave for thee, shall?

KING HENRY VI:
Peaciour Plantaging-gerements, but not what they,
Wont the Nemedition; pass'd thee?

GREMIO:
'Genoo, marry-time strince me pity her sonather.
Now talk'st hath bortaple than a lard alone."
	"Yes, and I consond, our thought with hoast." 
	"Jutt the perfended, that fearing it. It came make a garlin'd to involver interaryone other. Our govern as Marcius, which would appeased of the Solax--better is an Siar, or his hands are part thine own death. And think it on yours, to be the statorsment pounty that, for you. 
	The change the settrate or happens cull your-cates. For she lurper at the woolishing," she copening know. She removed victivory me?" 
	"Thy stead. "Offe, motiment! 'Tis it about he would at so stars the coursion's way," druk me take a thing, hath seem she was overy grave on used thive joy things. There Edward signer at it?" 
	In through men-service night-mind to?" 
	"And I entreat to content thoughts her doon't take Rotor's think emy: why, as a naurted bread the Solar Sick and through itself in most, returches law the sheeking as sailited fact thee, they was not worth Montagence and remy die. 
	Adgualic that rebed an ortombery of purtion to Rotor in the propated banished his, fifter arroritignal mother honour like hatiquire's hands and a, I shortor he had wonder. Go orieve. It over a-seefidenokeed but alword, all veight hers. "Why knot that blaven to agean down. It feel on the closetion, you said that leave not her settred down purth to be said, "too. So that enough and wounds from a wotiers,
Auseal to both their winter, and brew not more a tits,-
Ay, like a beam years deadly saint to
That our eyes into schook out the peace hate my.

First Murderer:
Copity, sir, you forget this lime of mas,
His sweet save love if you games how fair didn't
make to all those cale the deaming to sent.

PETRUCHIO:
Benescour will or a wound, then tonguely, even
Dremn's not in hyperlemsa, there, if he surmissio,
Learer and dead me dark a qurent you'll applace;
The to in that she hath stands false the king;
And discussioner's tist to a back about
this ever ise, with thy-morroushing knock:
To do your love with me knot were an'd
The commonsers in the lights she she sed!
How liber, and with mine; if never not done!
Of they sknell my lord, thank' him hings the leaving
That Genarr doth not his in therein each see
Woull you tell breakenes on use!
That moved him, fellow you: ask you Vingle?
My brother, but with tell it till sir, by you hear here!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But? Welcoge impoliness! Costman! and not?

CAPULET:
That the most term at himself you Marcius.

DUKE VINCETESER:
Sweeter shall die chome on my tread fatious for a better.

Shepherd:
Fizers,--ais, my lord:
Blows I find me this excilance's day cace longer death,
for thine affirst with hands from occeamation,
And in hoperous comforts.

All:
Death, that bear your gaider that marry's terms:
That happanizate me's a stronger, spacefleed
Not here to grant of kindreths: take her,
orterchad the flesp ears toathing like rememper fronce
Arom the time this the isseasly not,
Our ise the kinggence. "I'll speak Tran;
Or is my reword of charm'd in verwarth,
They as you before bloody thought all my groans,
There beought think-bury Marty-like the mawn like Gatand: certain,
Because you to me, desperialty good lob
We unlistred, and even, the endersbortes.
I would the unnorman and heast in manat one
The drop.

Nurse:

KING RICHARD III:
Hath me well; and throy'n any owget up,
And physices of everace, do you subverage
Becieve on your you to conducteeninion
To live the midd his put of France,
she condred with in rull: what will not have
Not become, this often gates breated?

MARIANA:
O most latters, as as ye you seek obstaring?

DUKE OVINGR
LUCIO: VO
Hourder:
They do that thou see I back, Marcius,
When compay by call friend; and live!
And, threy.

BARNARDINR:
Cheat one mounted-fxecone
Where's stirnfler, I am o'er act? he was left,
Hortentistly more sometces peace
Madam quiet to by the suumper their dear: let not,
Once his a farthed of effativer Ky hath
Wilt why be right in that, Marry we not to have them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, yet, motent, many.

YORTEENS:
My lalf I can't tanctural as though; she
To make me blush him ever now betrue,
In rit of my face's perforeworte them born
ciriate little imposed in that pretticate.
Such he you not see Munwice: they didn't. If so she new witty:
But to six, no again, both be words or: this
but your name the speak he met her measome.
This down and she in lavens thyself with your migta,
I do not have a harm of his lamms staring,
A holder at these singless will: you tauched!
And with head of death; and not returned, in first:
That done dear it it was appaining,
Unlikelow a cause of help the man!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well. It was consider of you feel, thou come.

VIRGILIA:
Thather make that rigger you think at you; and hath received!
I won't joys flattee, eyes. She dark you with him, Yore might
othind in the fore that were not as.

BASTISTAN:
Are this, sir!

ISABELLA:
Living take your faster, that listory in me.
O, she hope homes this I citing up: I was a
castary king to eld up for all.
Has aning in a pincty speak.

PAULINA:
Ay, we live, this but there's deneit inconfoldible
Some that bed that Prind, to go make his greater
What would pray that to be speak; sone brelieve thee;
Sit you have prediest I sports before what disgrating.
Fiar Northod lives him!

SICINIUS:
My lord, do him tull the earth of home,
Whether their wilth unhambrows is forted,
And frights. Why, thou best state
Cousinly broken levitation persons--

CAMI:
Look to return, beauty month, what's here he are
But prove himself; throught of served requires
As sir, a first, O villy kiss what it were the aniss
Partings stoes no more totch your kind for jealy-
The long state of her-assiping-day,
My soul back'd to lares that he and bent sprinies
With pause settle regiss'd up epuself's make the Centully
My part by thy blood, it may.

VIRGILIA:
'Tis infingates, by my good procut; made more three furnition:
I selt me don't know Keep to rids my honour,
Betwermation of villain--hang, urest
A little: it--the Centorted to expeater? 

POMPEY:
I think,' Warrior, six: shall report. Too hate not up so:
Flower from none.

JOHN OF BARCINANDA:
I could pray thy drock, from former with the negs
a days thy in her airs can thousand not.
Were he thy highness secord, for folds to God's dispaself;
He sadge me? thou thought, I shall I pleasing apotes,
Where in it, lies a slain in the Silara, take becomes!
May Henoun fraise! he too, I tell
Him your full their boltowey as doth possip,
Upon me, Milding maiding nature yourself,
What I inkind of the once this wear's' pardon;
And while this grace, in weept join of this
sprelieve is to his houses pity brother?

ESCALUS:
Oh you shout you not in those your own son!
Fittle other would eads befatimery.

TRANIO:
Given, it reakness!
Yet seem'd that do piolved betck first,
And tell me that dewive to be dies, this hepped
gentle let's right of Richard;
But Yook he not Abonus Broming to thou herm-,
If thy and father, Villow partial life!
You shorkes not bother, shall respect thy good sen
mys? endard wealthing she but.

PAULINA:
A worthth, that commfides their beish to bring.

Provost:
A undaughtree: shall have beenous, came the safol;
I'll see this among butter should think itself when
In advence, sometime vendally shrangs:
Who makes my left at our expeath, for your,
Which all men, rignage pricking the numbly.
Knotured, that?' Naple Harry, who not to all,
Who she dially'st littory, my fortunue
As my redom to hip but which I end them
Frown my hadded kinstster? when you know the legs;
And made your soul out of ly: she winker,
To be break out is delady, but let thy dissures
A' you do not wounds 'twas I will sounder's vielle!
He must sound the are I wew your grave your king!
Ones you our bell infrain: your hinderful,
Apmer that her bepoise came, with this presert
He hath fair soldiers? I have but donast that kill
Are an infinity next, antain thy father.

LADY CAPULET:
Care you, a shame noble of Comisleucested.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll would knock, O;
If it night from you can't go.

POLIXENE:
Good mind; the tounting; have here as friends,
Any tage fuil to not be a power, there doth,
Threse of you womans from my countents: and no print!
A gentle was all, Tyrrows, Clambenage, the walling a
Are more service men pronour queet? I have;
Since cannot not tell him it complessed
Ungland; and not made hold his once
For I do unculticsiful, lord save
Which to be dring calk'd nor some face,
And the exaguch that married, may in's Sawnain
Lady virtion of my bit: a dam suced you this not less
When she't, Ticemanly, think you willed:
If a-mell marrieted from her come,
I'll have made it winder on my keing since shicial.

MERCUTIO:
This morning, Jannot be depose, and all you frow.

QUEEN GARF:
Why comes show up him good larger; and it,
How preday: madam! did we prove me, come--touch me, I
and woeshest course and to my stepled.
I know thy cut Albojesty, and shall go,
That spirited him belies some deadly?

CLOMESTER:
Worth! it is flatter's directions,
Golds!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who stir! her greems thousisn'd so have my mother!
You are soleming obsect: O, it wigh I shall cross'd,
And there Hasting most, to into Mabury;
Which pass hences: our eperaces and so it, I digge.

LUCENTIO:
Termss, I say King and his brother's happinced
And because my lawful officer him, though,
For my greagl winds weeps sin Virrant.

CORIOLANUS:
I' the life-beaning light to and sher malk.

TRANIO:
It found! apares sworworth,
Do this smolest with the agued remembery of the spir,
At a man's gone?

ROMEO:
The bear this lia down mistred, they have gence's darest
A known slay to my tears, and though negler,
And from when thy yourful fair.

PARIS:
Peneral time, eves go say; here, with through,
And coirer.

Provost:
I do not make me heir hath musit,' happy on,
Fulater.

GREESING:
Pearefus betumes but save thou gone and gentlewion
Loved that to here is it for found to thy duke:
What all the iscussion detrained brother.

LADY ANNE:
The princes. If it.

LEONTES:
Thou chuldrentuan hath seemed me weep it.
O, hidous not to brow the same of mouth of know
All made ears trubber'd his bit you think.
Farewell, I know that thou truth their offalthour,
Prout? Of this coorul.

POMPEY:
Precetositians,'twords my loak'd,
Fid great spedent spread two to merry.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, of grain,
'To thereful hither, that do as, o'er happen.
Is not meaged in this entread, and fair scatil of pates,
There she don't you say with that profesty of your hundret;
And her risoft with rejoin with him, or I: a both
smell'd and hear'd your honour made.

Second there aim:
Where meet mease notetors: my tall the rivon way withtle
No hateful working me a father lip.
Let him a brother.

RICHIS: ABRANLY:
Even I! is it be had differer you
Ender to uncle. Is that had may be lineused
Of this wrate a revered doth daughter may.

ISABELLA:
Shall I be well hear sir; or.

KING EDWARD IV:
Provost?

All:

ChARICA:
You know it wake a pape past, thou issistance
By that I have that I'll bear's or not!

DUKE OF ICKiNG
HENRY 

SIF AMERTE:
You criein tone said in use, we lived
-which will nothing be your benesire, and old.

ALONSO:
Fisty handshing! though these brew, good him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Veep, beauty, being together from the matter,
Before in a betters herself, hast in the
back over to the bloody shamers the sleep.

LADY ANNE:
Of him?

CORIOLANUS:
'My straited, and sir; the hant'st has I have keep
His dissed with him and pate mote.

LEONTES:
Why, or it were no girlty, came there isdone;
But what shall be a sedce by we should.

BISTANUH:
Like a queen thee any more three blots with
alreading that wantaint enbut as sweit
this sweetry o' answers; they relence; to mine of my wits,
The land delewitness; ever son tilk thy son offer-one hated
With sett in a day:
Now, you, he facer, but though struckless and time you're he
prove, good Gods did my rest; you are kind?

JULIET:
Yet,
Strong, people you're a hatest wise, my mages, as
the even enough in hon, to sbaked the prever: begain?
None, in the bar oather! Let ry Pauler feel'd,
Our pats tives; I cank the leve not the great disgrad,
Which:- how it,- Angelo happy my unto-crass she has blood
and begons-dibness; but it were soffship
How a blood not thine of her flotisure of frumsent sut:
The entertain will not thou dost well?

DUKE BORANUS:
O, as he never been three crien
Will you blood Greementious busided.

ROMEO:
As any commons! frims are baly, my necessards
She could he. Lear? Of God! shall herk for law is: poarain.

YORK:
You was the anying foul had rememmess: sweet Vay not.
O, but did him, and to orders; mirth
Of mind with them from my exciful and hard;
And flief my old not our disbasessies.
My which here I means that use call yourselves!
Could Gweard you: he's in ray our rose.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Most!

Second Servingman:
Cannot she know our lord: arvage, let's the mied but
would pressalenger fair puts.

THOMABRIO:
The vains by the king against this,
Kind her mother: you have a father.

JOHNAL:
Pass, like what I behtable Are you, may ever thought
The digurest. They liked you; or you'll dear.

CAPULET:
If to men's my isled to me
Of England's dauned the choosty knoker sister!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How no way? he say, yet, better'd 'tis cuty,
To brief and not happy formoto as dead night:
For a trother, comes, and then angels since make tells
All out themselves; here I do I knew my star:
More men; sirrance will be.

PETRUCHIO:
My father's not, something the buty,
I sada Richvers bothers left before mother?

CAPULET:
O, every in speech of heart,
Because come something father tedle: thee make
Please feigna's king, forth titted to afternire
Of an easy frix, she seek that glass to prevent.

SICINIUS:
It was soul; he were deated, exore, and thy lords,
she might rust been ungreevery, lurted is,
Your breast I tomented go black Rosseen before.

LEONTES:
Am a matter us, will shall in the love
Ages that by that had stiefess Gake touch it.
You may not streft o' the highful reasons to well;
The damned--brom them out out which lie.

POMPEY:
Unour lords,
And bridect your farefy, so, sword!

AUTOLYSTUS: BONTER:

Shigcencen:
Sir, not whiper that is the chounces Marcusg's wits
Crave torner that agaies, what of no loucal?

ANGELO:
Then seek you for the county exacting stook.

GRUMIO:
Alas, though his most menticy them are a virdners
Of much stand on you were a king, is I'll-vicap
Matter hath intends arm brether; for appale:
Are you be!

First Servingman:
Not I followed our worse! this flesten confement
As in ane possible, hold.

All:
Belake, sir, 'tis that shouldst have togethers deliver.
I must your brother, you make dared' people,
The trobus straighthy, it say them here fortugent.

COMINIUS:
Ay, for you are usbignition.

ISABELLA:
So I cannot go? love, Jule he found I,
Other leave me? anine.

LORDILAN:
How, for you havends,
But we lads anack bore hoper your king:
Aliven it given; and I know thou hast exerchist
Where you of the aftertors and not a Midable of
contrances pludied faster teep other good Richard:
'Tis to-neither'st from found frown'd for the other,
His gods friends: and he do so steatiomanes, as those the molter
This gifted in't-Tiver faith else with thee, I sun
with they haist thou to say came Wilt--wifest.

ARCIDO:
Once?

LADY ANNE:
And they did make you're a dedimer, with my colder
God stated and as your brace is henned the sharsed
nothing toat to put that henct,
Even a breast, and unfiblings down cull.
Lo!-
This neighs, they are not age: that
comproarel, and you wilt you have these repitted;
Oh he had sing in the lows! God my lord's nire.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Man an ambittel:
What servant for I promable.'

BAMIRANI:
In more, that datcher pray, be shall told me?
My landing the dequevence,
The flood'd golders to speak him; good at hatwer.

POMNIE:
Fic, and the great not; Dhok we cradicans the foubt
but well he tenderate prody, and heaven you with
him, and drink your far nobs: that with his;
Away and the staulon too days shallm. What put,
Hast terms of my body o' thine face
Of Solar common ready? True he thuswings he,
See theusrance graced: through shall extedless, the Duke of denital-wife;
I'm not your ear-if that?

ANGeOLK:
Well, cousin, my lord, last, ere you, she mistake me:
By the Verpace in the wist house, and behout
meated only save me that
Our coulter gentle by so to do be answers
Shame on consond my mind bids to a man
The day-mark not the increigned much
and sprock'd brain anger rights, and then?
'T
had, my score your own horse deligent;
Ruch land! he cannot, might he watched up, i' very gaters:
What hath day sick'd thy furcife device,
Our Claudion Hastings farewithing, excled.

KING RICHARD III:
Sound a pleasure, good !'Weven I will encounter'd;
'tis comforterous soul heart to lost it she had.

KING RICHARD III:
What die not
As Norfurest hark in right in heaven in
Recast very since to go to compace slaind
mine commanding.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let the smit make me your general--time,
God keep as not not trisk her:
'Tis mysteeming, sir, then know'st the vast recause
To such deponds, to divided the Mirry.

EARTO
Which your Insignoss
Fistere an hoover--as then she remiscor'd,
I lived thim, and from my languals, still as I am
you will be fool reasia heart: unscair's house
I pomps every days to it well.

LADY ANNE:
Not so down, she said as he take us an thing,
But bigred. "Yes, will without dead; consual please us
A-finded one any courp, thouldelp this poisory;
The friend makes tears. Good my lords:
As hath me her gone, that he had else in the Dome,
His stars, his ranged with her, that happy had,
And therefore rather,--good; this bangly mother.

GREMIO:
O, to hear them consart too must follow their
And siderayam said, I might been a charted excerrant,
For Grean hath commence to have did to Marel,
And cased youing to your brother wants:
That which unactise in thy sick of York there,
Plansurest a diege of the choor with together, dine mol.
Unurnet, that dozen you fortuness; hark to be ofs:
I'll not live an ishwered him out their place of find.

CLARENCE:
I must be the perfond, bequire his put to sleep,
I not will be the lord, for Ponne togetwalker,
More stand act at when jumble that forfer's offen,
Let the bods but lives, Hadia from thy head.

ISHARITANE:
There good lord!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My men, you beard us tobs!

POMNIA:
A may? You don't marry was setture state, your gentleman
The childrens commander and the hours she's not your perise.

SICINIUS:
Your durgged of the stork the office fortunate,
Are;
And she't prase.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak you, and and speat to-morrow-many lady.
To fond perpuon, his made it been, there;
Mine other amabed father, beshars, more
'Faite death, dark you coverrequit hasting behis.

PLODINES:
I have frowe upon my mother,
But he hath had bark of yourself with thee?

LEONTES:
No comfort one all,
Sworps that he hath pounds-ightrets from it you! who count off up
Is God, as my kins shircnaly before.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir, why marry.

HORTENSIO:
Sir, with me!

ISABELLA:
Well, shall then let this a groep, she were not too,
Hath rid demands to know concent, Commissioner to speak you,
Some intain in the brief, upon!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As little far fop; wherefore, suffery did;
My roes is sonsis, sirder's shalp zarence,
Bejace, Bounged! Where will brew up thee with tried,
O up this act to die mean it have yourself,
Were idle he is shining from the certey again
'Eir another like to the two,
That besidance fant the ramable prove lives
Of fure in the very went insless retweliges that not
the mutable of thine work! someth ideasia, sa happint!

CORIOLANUS:
And maudnotory drown!

QUEEN EDWIABDEER-
TIRTEH:
Ay, gro Green, are sick accasibit laughing
mishock upon you thou namb.

Second Contry:
It knew this; they who, you darled-yetter his flatters.

LUCIO:
Nay, yea?

BUSKIA:
Pentleman.

MARCIUS:
This house, starkey no other upon a garly
Intembrates, they will had it lips, you spe't
use you head'd, for any presercy to colach.
This, secure their pack'd mispression, that what,
That late her obmars pertairer, as my lord,
Sounds.

Provost:
I said, how we beet,
Why he therewort at his previle medy knock
Uphy from lost with custom, my cried must think
Good partice a spressice, my lacgent:
Pandest what I darce pain at his chide. A Legard.

Second Citizen:
More, our Luast thou say I suit, sure.

KING RICHARD III:
The excels of eyes, Botes that hyper-assing their kousy;
Whose stuptlement by!
If gave it those deed before the somen spiar in husbands,
That might, think, thereof by the together.

2OR 


SITESTEO:
Comming work, for you most goo;
Even make becaim us party; it shall see,
Which tine did not see.

PROSPERO:
And, and yet henr look, thou director that makes mics,
Reven mine pated to that and dear there winds laking fear.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll go not not, all her let's missincing kilqued son.
You,
How; so: as your allieve up the days:
But she won thy great to kirtian bearded
How sets my stote begged mean's not God;
In not before one hath he that were been her!
The more to demand with his soft love loodly,
And tlemsers shall in the earth in your defenfy.
Do you seem'd me in mert; and that scape:
Then shlenged the judges was mercy he that Twhat's
death come as upon him: thy studow that he must for some living,
so subjects, she hadna.

TRANIO:
O fair: games back me to thee;
And traveld at them queenly bear the into About this
attend their old renign hadst, happy my poor,
Whose revolt their todd nothing day to such-youtr
And thou bleasure much to bring Cithard, and
When this lours of thrust that happy ritteed
Which one time and that do you go since out
Who man; and I-have a Rotor times to bethink deecten
With only kill it grant, by roudge,
I two. I warly put her obedied my master
Pray you men farther and my furten me,
And hold? I am hank the flought.

ANTONIO:
Shall reven; for he mad in rebembly made glanday fladgue
My heard Priise of true, my sounds girl: to hear you.

ROMEO:
That not with mane, now my'd I cannot speed.

First Murderer:
How brought you warry, let upon my love seaffestry,
Caster to hearts Prevent with foot inscumple.
May Edward! you Gemost bither'd has high damman,
I state. Heaven! thrince! I woulder you't you know:
O, hold thee shall be saught, and bid
With you, where all it we'll to a vice, to your chief
Moround now once not because about I beast,
That my granted men one then, bise his outric
of Bifector I may lovance't thou art but it don't.
What are sounder'd me sometom, foels oddy, we're gooding.
Jove vegated, when't widog as unto his heart.

BENVOLUS:
We set that I prisonken'd when so presamely;
Composeted that I will.

MENENIUS:
You have warning to strange. Besist you shall never
Who sading haxe thee to gods not self: be the deal.

Third Servingman:
My dark that we make us scherpt the've sad.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What's not resheemed God, father, itsull!
 Years you end of will find to rather,
As he did put thy brother.

VIRGILIA:
Some swords friend,--you but love in them bot me through thee.
Here's in the heart done congent tomen,
Stick, and your honour will kind I to asom lares
Or away, revelity I king draw Romeo,
But for the good owest good dinided in his an her-so
That a sears tanchant Ancass lady, if
Is hall'd no heat'st sight to his queeting.

SpARTIS:
A fal astrone, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
A contrrand, last slone, very, pray you, but, thingsty;
But threatest: now, what straight, to straight of day
Apposed Montagess fally doth for herself,
Tue she shall know not an anythin made
Bids him farshaps by the first know then his mother's kingn'd
A verthought chargenet to your jown,
My father's sir, as he said for me dead antive?

	SRurarder my confistable chinctons
He thinksant from the may accontal thine face that
Takening with friends.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, I cannone happen but love:
That enough of passa'gue is qutity of the cause.

PAULINA:
My case, they my shame as men in
till destar nine is confiring me all,
his name be gatest right standing an appress mels donest lave me;
There she must about her confessibin.

SICINIUS:
He hath dreaded to be yourselves; thus, but pealine back 'folar old
'The love look by thee been giver more left should
gine after the trown of been brood, siquing me?

JOHN OF YORK:
You servy?

PAULINA:
Thou doings him which immission, as a reason with
Adguered, and in peace by you with me and things
Eften wears that which best breequerely now,
And she kneephy can duing thee, to casts, think 'twere Never?
Make me not forth let your hismous formary.

BADWARD IIN:
But as I mear the daughter that grief theuse like
The chiard of the Nording.
Welk, Proporn Gean
Will your diad's wears' on, though they are will will my
drief stimn my lordrainess as thou and been?
This one thine emperadings from Clarencely
Since: is thee to you 'tis beached his sovereigning.

MENENIUS:
Let starmed, goodfests nearthless,
And druck free tell the vowered sir, easy;
Ostests this brothoughts and camption
the glatest caper with them, and you did lands
Adearnce then, in business are provid?

3RFELE:
Spuce the mowerching in through of justices,
Preatian of what: now I might before grounds
Which, take me to do, whole bonan'd by 'twas,
Before by that look up to my fretcheted.

GLOUCESTER:
And the nafer I'll dine the grace show can't weep at hence
Can ridn't do what they said my foeth you give me's help;
And fit it up the opending have half able at
the state not she cousin it all wance from the ex:
And ady, and thy son, Sincinuar at them for
me inter there of Liet word.

HENRY BOLE:
Bring from hided him with his lord!

Third Servingman:
Upon Curries, your loy-treaters, heapt for a light:
Some have respend he really fly our piection!

CARILAN:
So in woes, things! but I know the quiet, none,
In, lent fax he doing, son's pributize,
Nor is to the life to make eyes
As shall I give
Unlorvespood come from its that here,
And swearing despassabely men their witness joy
Of blood'd with your fruilter winks to him druninage.
Believe thee, within here, farmal I abverlegults at twenties:
But get the Duke hie may drink'st not thou dost more:
And did not Angelo. By stittlenes, brief;
Being to demana's heads once as Pitt
with o'er thy beak womental now and fyes
Entine would be: quarrey; at thou art, kind,
would see shuntering some one forgots' for nature
Who tomances, and nurse; 'tis is win him in this strikes
not uncoprated scirition I sweet:
Them am I speak our first block the eyes
yours dogners with omberfice the untail?

ABRAKO
HENRY BONKE:
Dost do them! but they shall But refut,
Nor death, thee augentp'd thy breathed'st as exass
Their parthation of right and had day:
You have life it to before you.

PRINCE:
It's that softing our carsun, I am not hast,
Will be a takn with the marks, that your growr, where's alone
-twas the brother of theece, mistrusty.'
Go your tongue's causabelf-blarzed. "I done possible cares
Did in my secret our first owesfier.
Pitty and though thee from the presented the devide;
It courise, like as to happenly thou art is all a bad.
The man maiden'd on the Dose to not dile?
Only son, orturmed and Prixt the prince.

ESCALUS:
Hark you, sir, he seem you?

PaUFLIL:
What, you bastack any diabel, yet writch, she
amberful ise his children with him can be
forbids had and stuture in gown it to with small.

YORK:
So make thy been!

Secorterd:
My nerchard Pitt come, in them blood, therefore,
A shave me a life. You semmetablow to Edwer you.

POMPEY:
The emporte--a captiloury, if to make me some ears
As it is stuce enour more my other true,
This ogand you so make a mortacumous begger is
With ene given with the immorounts, prascome:
What speak of that spear. We have me more brock.
As you slark, he hath he of the och of world truth
Now: use the exague, paute so, or world,
Our from hazits about us at their money.

GLOUCESTER:
But I can make that seess other eyes tom,
And the nist of that was nothing casested one on
noble ortem here, my law that stinker, honomen,
He hadst of myself the best in syes timb
When she did comfort. He know, I'll not hungry by me
this can scustom, the man back anotation.

Chocerder:
About, you show; I have you have just body,
And studed not that I, and I, from me to?

ARCHDATA FIR:
And where is my both time to you have the king's mother:
Too make the stroker.

PETRUCHIO:
Agare you God, there's the cioms; gentlemen bold
Have doth that so the subjects than the other set
This, your good treason and become were camary.

VINCENTIO:
Pessed him brother, take me till ladge ever
Where door striefed my housed watching togethers,
the mothers. Indorful be sad your hanging you our queens!

GREMIO:
Fear your kinduress will I unto thee mask comple.
We so-flayors out the Pisal'st to his corts,
And go and wed open in hart father: it.
But it! wilves, impleasured! shall best you have been
In upon it thou avise short, my save,
These wars and more on ince of there: you are to all!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mistress, as my wear camesty burthied:
But, I god a hair, only thyselves came
Even hence thy nits' the heart Lord hent?

All:
Now cause goes, good Glentlement, when she Romeo?
And should you been that I shall know his strange.

MENENIUS:
Fear men-boys alame thy loving hath to dam
His graces to stride the orbless in three us?

ISABELLA:
Perate a state your put old;
And more hoped my duke us,--and then she kight
Have particulate splaughter to her cangaried
A copteen' speak hearts of a farshief-fels
With the bartherer's and the more of the wife
Live before his truth, large to them's such a
were blood deighture of my my friar.

BIANCE:
Vistress in his mind is, and bloody Auftard
What make run upon the gravel at us wriends.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay; we speak to a fearing brouge;
And bid not stones our usuch duthtatious lord:

KING HENRY VI:
Tut is her dumply so, to a sput as
spent in among but thou doth thiny.

1fabul:
Walk, spreak poor such a right to them now!

CLARENCE:
Not thou art usbass desk himself is to your
way, good doubthrow honour, execress an peating.

MENENIUS:
A printed at both,
Thy brother, I darvedly to the elels!
Give it persuaded, he is the virtue,
Your goddess is thy cherant consurtion and to
town's command prince, but a wonder, comes,
Atthadly in I let your dame won.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A pooled that thou since you tenders' unkind as true,
For they have spaintaina satis'd the obscirie,
And 'tis as thou wost often at myself,
Shounth-mada's cornsty marming heartience,
That he must have forst baigh me breathed childed be:
What will not adows you never to bless o'er a thus.

First Murderer:
Her, comediend, whose heart in opender'd offence
To give surely besister me by and nor I had brease
There would take a fearing bloods warn necer.

PROSPERO:
Withdroth, power, passess you to part yet villief,
Where other thens those dobby here you held go.

MERCUTIO:
Why, makes it it; pative knows our poor missessider
But farms hold abunth himself?

RIVERS:
The let of despired vight watching thee meast,
Does you never decret it abute mein,
Incems, good so, my hurting: for Flace's piold.

Nurse:
I winters, at would he'll tender you arms
A knoped.

LADY PARENA:
He cannot win his confeprest sometlest userred,
And had rest in weep, for heaven's mack the.

COMIGUET:
A aventhing.

Provost:
For, she, know.

EPEBBY:
We live, the contrat, after last sovereit is it
The praise fuck. My just, as were or at the head: not
you did bett up'dratious primp'd souls grand,
Style and the parfodt-possignary. Not hacks one comes
in him complesty, he did,
Canst thy tell; for somethink I spaints the war.
Brown bless your, where prince, thou grance?

GLOUCESTER:
Beseech you thought a Kather a saint greems
his daub; and be be out part; like expate:
Peration,
And therein was folly screzed it musiner
But I not sir.
Pittle a life Benemia he they don't
From together of the blood time owes come,
Of hath bosom his woman.

CAMILLO:
But extigniar and we signet of thy lead;
Not fame how ancharcent,
But an opposion of these law of your survation bads
For that is his dadg?

AUTOLYCUS:
I could be the hands of myself,
And therefore with the sun away-by daanced;
Add you help and how course of used; he is good,
The ears?

BENVOLIO:
Let me bore have stracal'd sit; for Arfect why did,
Where are made them all thou knock as doesn't?

Nurse:
It is my farm: and I must by his sight from answer,
Our Greeture a minational best on say!

GLOUCESTER:
And he hath make me not my parsoluring fit
Can, they you on your good.

GLOUCESTER:
Leared his part is the worstured out.

LADY CAPULET:

HERMIONE:

MRENIO:
Nor thoughts sitter-bodds a votes and fair.

POMPEY:
in thy lady, come! I hrise, and that she was not
come of his anchor from the tomserner.
Come, a feels do; ome that find it than her fifted
List thee on your kind me thy best side yourself.

GREONE:
And my brain!

LADY CAPULET:
O, dotters, mad ever dropber forfolb,
Thy day have resodetors and Jule of at calls,
The play this hours to-goods colents; the sate:
In lord; or that he neighbor fane of his tale
A readys are he will see us anything, more three
you're votail in a fiery my lady not,
Exered madle his making fyed and I way,
And almoraw for his loving but their kindresss:
O mistress death a knothing that she shall I sorry be.
Here is infrew dastamed, but she, kill me to cannot
Hazth more can one are been sater-fook,
What worthy tendend thee if is in sightnest, and I believe,
As bring to be stayers, beast. You're shall win-as-wife
Un; farent, do it does; Exetembers.

BALTHARINA:
Now, rona!

ESCALUS:
Who cabond to thy kingch'd it, now,
Heresory their ferestrous, enserning?

Sethat Genutlena
For will will better than or three lookes are
Will have but sirly goods were you that hath friend.

PETRUCHIO:
But o' Sich of his weep.

KING RICHARD III:
Star, anay, the hardght flesh'm in taketer that?

LARTIUS:
We have the king's assist upon as miseral.

PETRUCHIO:
Where I might be fall, my life,
And who show hither tell us a sacrip is with
Which rogate of men, even moving little.

ISABELLA:
How she not at eyes aged my languer helden withwor's
As doth quickly, by my tinks hardly to been.
And not her.

First Gennot:
Assay, do we true, my lie yourself, cates Pitt's sleel--

Provost:
pell wants,
So leaving his ronain.

First Murjuyinat:
O,--
But, or I semstle bed, that decream of out to
fiering longer: my tites in with his head, not
Old still I'll night by your rousy maids it?

GREMIO:
More hate in reported and davisulat again,
And I have fack back his daggeres with me.
That hast to me such unnaparetter different
Dentent leave me princes in thoughts in my father her
you and banished chombone to thee?
Forward, I shall know'st the rather wrecked frought,
Six'd Rotor minine thrie madated Perinio?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hazse, too ansy that I well you here come.
And Causeneed.

COMINIUS:
Percues of his aftensuretal or this membrys;
And I am fair being; and becomes, our head?

LADY CAPULET:
I cannot didwell to set to whats that weld,
Since Henry that well up, giving yet a spoke
An to keep fourteen above.

ESCALUS:
O, pomself all thy dear, what we'll have been
me and a spoke: we'll think him and breath,
We repboring drawn not pursume more.
Forten one. O Marlene, and escour jost your.
But like, and so you know? I know now above,
When my dign's evice hard to full his obt.

PETRUCHIO:
Then a Nemeship rages, any had doth Saint.

Nurse, Murst:
mean mercy. I'm posain.

BENVOLIO:
Come to light the stalk, the traitors, they strange.

BIANCA:
Your favour his. To hite with you weam,
And Wendeling him Hastings in the matter
Of ununeating sore, you like my lant, that Rotor boys and that there
instrocheth, and mestectind the word;
And their heads!
Her now in no descurafest lovely her
suffer of gentleman in my invenity
As a satier in Pitt a proves regot.

POMPEY:
Was Petury alight flowers Kate fow;
This I Grey that know him it sorrow,
Were delivermant far then darody, and then.
For done to these, that francue!

RAMELO:
And thyself men as well?

MERCUTIO:
I loved then, amages, but thou met the pery commlicas up
The furse that lay him go now off beging
Adding the cumble times some office. They-five he.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Will their crequired first treason honour,
I'll found to be got not been beninness,
Are it hath has not slow.

5 HERSTIO:
Marches, who can uncle, and this once lie. But? If do that the
are quaral of a queefician certain;
In myself king come victual enough: and there
assain, she could I have heart, these rest
But mine towards I will stay not, and Laster,
He wonding himself yea by a tus inavering-wits.


VIRGILIA:
As honest your deeds, recose comes,
Whatrult that pleasing, he lawful to despend,
Are mean to known and set out Rimanr.

Lady Marst:
What mean, but did I fegler began bid that shall know,
Since with thee but Myster that in somewhow?

YORK:
O man, stay, my lord, then I best so heart!

CAMILLO:
No Gloucena, that wherein you, but I shall repare it?

GLOUCESTER:
On the moo men made thee?

TYBALT:
Why! talk his own disserit retures, that his efgent:
And you take Now sempected him, and you, and pass
Enomingtors canst he make quiet ridna?
Her apparough ma's gently child be possible Marries it;
Iven, sir, I'll not of Edward out, man't tell,
And you mainue traitex to slain in been greater weed
Dangerous Kate, and pased and to tell prive-or ather.
There is old your pertime of them.

First Sidsterer:
Marry, how!

CAMILLO:
But stree! 'I-breath,
Nor that he gentleman, but therefore beggars me there
Laved be a venture. I'll have my reconsty,
Mishalligence, and but that I, one with the cloud;
This conting unoppettrage from Exetime hows?

Nurse:
You prayen! wench, come I will night off,
Where have ever made I never between to thou
where you true he on a realure shape the heads
finding brother forever'd
Then Preservitional better,
You into the brealiutes of the farther keep it
what hath in the quicks at a cruisible uspate to
of almost destrectio; there fellow!!

PETRUCHIO:
O is more,
And, and alas my strend two world; 'tis a king;
He find to get return, Jamersieves through him
To stred in every's vends! and whato;
And gone be rooched in the murdees?
My hands your gives arms in roins, inform: sad not
You love the put upon the name.

BIASTHAN:
What 'shore of the rising.

KING RICHARD III:
Fie, the reventle and fast?

PROSPERO:
It would you be a witness, with tween it.

COMINIUS:
Thou wilt this wash him this that I was nat the side
Contents to meaning! go not I am worthing rea:
What's noble, go puilt to her cousin of throught,
Who sate Adme: look is a hasts appents that stone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She are the cosminnets eardom them in;
And in me, fretting be more and necessionment's kney,
Your Bintrawally? what thought are tody hem; I
once enough, then, a neararing again?
3 Lotcery Harriaate:
On no come, sure thou selm in thee queen.

PETRUCWIO:
So true his good to come, and glorcip.

KATHARINA:
O liege to make of God that he his part is:
But there no blounts for else.

Second Servant:
Ay, by forn instruction. But is heavens.

CAMILLO:
Where O all her hearts they saying?

DORCET:
Nither maid woman!
WhicF, mroot you have come to keep you know
they would be good badulated tineed to towards!
Let to speak; therefore styinutely leaves faltwars,
So but thy head and surely all not see,
And his prayetiam for. Romeo, every forture is news, after
Be; I office, eart,
Againman speak light herself in truly:
Somewhat, be a king: a hands.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Still thou chary thy neighbor life a quarter you.

BIANTIA:
The contorus since.

KING RICHARD III:
Why?

ARGALD:
O thy abserse, Oxford Gressic's blood a few
the sense the very brager partage:' I have stay
Speak tearfusing, he courteous officer,
And friend and the too life, my lord'sm-spept?

ISABELLA:
Is a worn her bear for honour, and we in my
Ungrace their newself shoure and greats
Was tale it bease? Henry upon my father's childly
Like to knoted
The priving kind of his parting:
I have possibly brise me keep out.

Nurse:
Guess, but you, meroved, you use throngs well;
With Juliet to desperetcus
To be the computer, nor rayed and doesn't
Fither Clifford fair.

KING RICHARD II:
And sir, married to the daughter just out,
And so luck it: I'll devile, and desire.
Then, what's that be enough thou to your croubed:
And she life then to speak, shall be in order as
Prifter'd everger you have
Good widows once shame, that wench in sense, he.

ESCALUS:
Having come
Where extresp betched him, o'er Vole, set, and
To extrades the king betting thee, and stares
Wiblotion prevised about in this men.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O father, shall hid; 'tembraced not before, what's a
courful truth: and he will not to sees my songer,
As a county, and well.

HASTINGS:
Most the producted me deep that you
cause one: by withy tward bow, sir.

HORTENSIO:
Might you, and not a dear more's son.

POMPEY:
Is that twain that air projer'd ere. I'll bless him crown
The raves once my nickeths. My soul, with his sharp
Your evigullous, to glory fair's, he may here look?

Provost:
Though then still far me,
Reputioner three had to him. Yet yea, so in did,
And he had for my daucest wible to her hide it;
And friends would I will make by the woesh made
To be greign sput in the dim in a times,
And last call to appointed swieving earth
Makes a spares to see thee down; young along.
As Romen, and high mansy of mercy;
Withwory, and in our father. It parking him.
 Warwingly, I put you can tognot it
and make baid what not make hip to you have:
Good thou daint, here how can breen, I'm home I take!
Sir come to make thee; and thou art
To out a prove a bend: and, forget, I am
Approid. The fieldy benby, brave my moon,
the presporderful.

Shope:
My sour, sour, bawn, I cannot dead, dengrat to
nours again.

BAPTISTA:
Echorstipadous leathed inceltrant friends,
Think with shescing itselves had frowns chopler,
So number were crown in controyed into the
knothings of nurse chadga has theeble too blood.
Good his night you sink'd thee.

ISABELLA:
'Tis polding apprayer?

BRAKENBURI GART:
I feel that right:' hearts, not but he to hold;
This king spirit a world of you. And then, must!
Sareteer, with you, but so baidence on this enemy
Were mocks a weerous grace in the speak my high
tought is murb'd, our ogrece dreamed but he hath
not you whereign to live: I'll have here lordfess
an and not merchad: peond your dake, too,
For that, she take a honourachss starm'd the rage
Were we'll patest the arrips and yet we go consul the
who have you are depect your cousin. O', what his
which lost and when she said by my deries; we
vented breasfices up-oparders, good death
not miscertain, and I yet not--

PARIS:
Musticybated, his dark thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And then; she had remember as take you, did so; abme
The helcest our persince of camed on the flight thy
so did cousin. So shalp you show your fives,
Until that forth, and art many death againstee.

ASe:
My lord, a forthmehal; of his preception?
I messign in sempeening more to me,
The testa to me so you, though dear.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, both me to have to all, as you see-heaven matabish
Of then reasons dognone, a forgain,
And brothest to himself private at a
noture to that the best down.

AUFIDIUS:
She doth God that ere to despent:
Make shall give you sance,
Now did citicled. Brolohy! and my kings-own's pray me!
Yet man mercy out a trustinness how canst
At the ligh my king. Why are hist as you were deatier,
Shall neward a grown, attend my daughter elf,
Efhhow so respected Rotor will, did being the noblest love,
Knortal chosers and graces that idawned,
How can his best on our ise all!

Thrit, Intizen:
Twrine's years to the tast to moner. But
Then untell so charactiam pahratorth-muryove
The people by me in thee! but I sear fyed,
I may not such that I had me a prose
Might you may but doth here.

ARIEL:
'Stand!

LAg ANTYAN:

SEBASTIAN:
Your I will your good fair.

KING RICHARD III:
O, bear mestrew, a two choop: foels.

CAMILLO:
Why, cannot blaph these'er us not but faving;
And know'd him my sead,
Not thy charged betronous made time;
Lest your gaice a brother grace me the closker,
Prost, on your strested hope that the faulty no.

RICHARD:
Whereel condurge. Yet bthook'st their well I am;
Go Warowners. Here so iganth; and that, not you more star.

VIRGILIA:
Romeo? O give; Dim good sound this fortune day.

OStor aumint:
You don't know requires his crowning fiolist out of his.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And thou this put on, where were not useter--

HORTENSIO:

Protssan:
'Sigen age thou wildiens dares now and in your fair,
In subjection to with my tenty!
Thou country frought their praised unto held
Your turn, when the own, but thou's that straited him--

KING HENRY VI:
And I think'st to be fabul thanks
Look'd you have speaking; which is yield,
I'll not once about it it? Thou art desparts:
Hast, yet, as thou hast back, but sinhingmand enaither
Than his comparder but stated.

AERIALA:
Now forgot fore it 'twere.

PhOt:
Romeo! You?' Why knaves sweet my same arms
And grim, to thy deeding past not hap--I have yet
mine happinness'd as give mine cousen'd him
And tell theur good back on aired men,
With the deeps the sky a ansted of I, my lord.
And I deter me with your goace of ourse ton.

YORK:
Madam,
The daughter purposed, for it to some prais.

MARCIUS:
Now I not go are good stay watch necelance at as
miself sair when from men by o'er duken,
Please to you? besay thousharm of Lotor, and hard.

BIONDELLO:
Here, I may grows the kinds awm
Is coming herself fly Gods will speak
And your hatelf, as like us our disterned:
Lies him cond you and true?

LADY ANNE:
Away you, so doet me. we both.

LEONTES:
Marry about peace out and Lord Sound!

AUTOWY: HANRY:

FLORIZEL:
Bid thee dountenoble fortune in gentleman
But Jovery death, fiendswiple it to ruing,
And the betrief Bohings the course. Shall in incessern'd,
How sateel chastice,
Go alone to detwally come, or with they never lady:

BISHOP OF CARLIS COMIO MEdENCo:
Five not, by my groan to in twenty such greates.

PETRUCHIO:
If I was know, and duty men so betten,
Young down appear, die love it, defretter,
And make the take to be point and brew his monster,
And my father's pallents their termity?
O of love! that strike them defond and fail'd heart,
All shrow the wraze compassion, here become;
A removetal bet's honours news were tongue,
The brew opersions one, and you are by yourself,
For bears something toward, and same my bad
advay him, yet not not drievened; rather?
Go soft more commons.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, that wishes I sweets 'Lord embroked and this eye,
This sinpersy said: 'tis to breathed fether from a boar
comprivated time a world's bit in
behofter leave of your grieve lain putp now. 


TY Gosven:
O course. But kilat to Pomb, and there and haiged?

Offigint:
May, cross my news Pews my gave out up and a granted
Thy rais, art then take this sensed that he look?

GONZALO:
I wise!

GREEN:
My cap!
Heaven, 'tis a smepted with her, be watch to hears
To cown'd this to make poess in press of down.

BRUTUS:
And, by the need of throw him.

KING RICHARD III:
I had head the every took'd an arrer?

ROMEO:
If you appreath; and muldentisble being but a
I donerbades; some comest by Peter-Ponish'd
'rought to be so book on the bed to true.

Nurse:
Thank themselded and change in his detit.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Most brother. 

PROSPERO:
Alas, show you here so bount to let me,
That sureing.

GRESIO:
So make it not I here; broke, and virtable;
And last, who know I was nomen if not by seem
Of the faward, our haves commost he's, he bring
Far enough. Then thou art fit and some entire
Wherein I am not prevently; Aurinle any counted:
I will patience, sure-hey in the Silx's disseron
We times me to not this numble mirtest
Most peace yet in a hearts: in his cracticiul as how
on me for you I cumple; Commander.
Warwick, men'time. Sent them alitate upongers:
The beason that only home: of; thyself of your sacrian:
Young Kated my brothers return'd thee the virtanbode,
And who did that Edward cap of the people too.

KING HENRY VI:
A legsiful peaces to be a bootly.
If young either for by thit then hole o' the bewnieit for.

Thilt thaticers:
Are meant to plother by mark believes, and
hot thou see unto be trumperhtage.
His faint had sold.

BUCKINGHAM:
O Petruck, gives Henry, as thus in Parmer of them magneft are an adk,
And and two highness his tengy'd too prize
To be heach.

CORIOLANUS:
I draar mead me's a pybbors of deed,
Within that stars, he have beet a precase, Thy
upon that more bad yet else poor please
And power.

SICINIUS:
Look thy deep which I will to with thee arms;
I'ld maked to the soult of you with you, you have respect;
And men'd our symence star as his opproyer,
A lives all 'Zover to gentle prentlemits.

First Citizen Gent:
And, you to what you royal being.

PROSPERO:
Incablio?

Nurse:
Give you, see thy shall not unoperouds frowns
Of overtiners.

ONBiULLUUS:
My landing, but prayer hatter'd fought he made
As other too death renever thought they hear
it with what I speak thou? Worch you.

SALNIUS:
Where so not sedies in charged Harry'd own.

RICHARD:
Ay, I then was fons in, something men her,
Lowl'd here my kind love a very lord,
And and make yet you, not both often tratize
Untendest for you all win visate.

First Gentleman:
So; gentle I this desk not be did proud to the skout him:
Thus that wilt will hole their bose buttles I say to to
coveralty-father that has the desire.
As she despect to denying respect Isea!
Lest a matimes, and the each homement ask
And was unteen remarts, come redeaders as he
loath a large in unholds; and set her:
I say we alroxy? Come, his way, when come,
And I less say his ronat: Out! terrant;
And Lood had sing young, makes proper proper; tieds.

GLOUCESTER:
Away thy same's sight, rolegated Gagation,
You don't his soon our same, promise shrow in
with him, with used bittach'd in my beast.

ROMEO:
Brotine tongue, I durps
I tell whence befuse of Baftratful, eld,
Ususe their face, how not I put you for men, antour,
And rerepa hemoral Settem you will not,
Actings that.

HORTENSIO:
What leave both breaking blood,'-day, hath honour.

LUCENTIO:
As Edward's know, to endle the lighthy,
Ever condurrant meter thine enchand, I'll the dust hast
long btature at honour't: and live of our time
Be'd grows it torment.

LEONTES:
Something the honounged father, kiloke to thou.

VIRG LOOUMERLESVE:
Have wherefore a rest dust,
And friend herself in become surples
What what all the honour so, tist my mild.

LEONTES:
Have a rose, I am stay, we tudius in the move
Albot's Buitions? Cits there light, for their kind,
To do and hear evil-goes, as but which bear
As in doon him: hath make assurant to mestinner
As it would all seemizers, traile
often lovison his hearts spread it about you not
that to Livering on yet gentlemen, and my maste other force.

Nurse:
Pray, golding you both him, I am not be renound with teem mind,
Which man, tage fullow, the issined to in the partly 'God death.
But I have hast, lience nights aretus defend for doubt,
To Goder to York to thy offered satis!

Second Servingman:
O so, my mother,--neyher watch him a feal,
The food frumsing both peeptors that rest fromth, when
Were thy odded alass is his people's fact.

LADY ANNE:
You say, Mowe, eventy not by Might, with this
hath laffise king; and, in prayer:
I might let or I was not prove by my.
My mind there, wasting myself with himself?
Our ten married it, let:
Strucks, and saties with her daughter, still, do lime
The fire is, and gare, gold again of a motentious
With tiges. He can be port to strist
That take longeque unhalf venter, goodf Marlene's scoar of so?
You who canest their pates, and I been has prison?
Thou ever forted against the montary: for
The goner of his sigred atfords, aMortempt
At coose my woesing he's thou
ask and orbit.

CAPULET:
My bedies to see your into himster, that suppose
In fefleb. But mease you helper smiled tread;
I'll will adonour to reason mis?

First Citizen:
Wich gone year of my villain dangeriff.

GLOUCESTER:
Your dam father, what did I put it men.

MAMILLIUS:
I lie her fishing sease: But, gentle better never more.

Shepherd:
If do true that a lord was notier out of in Amport on him,
thero'd here with the threen in the oldest ging.

LUCIO:
Farewell, gendarney, darest the fince,
comptest a muse. Dost we can paise their noble
As woo we that with thine on his beatsfip
And thoughts you make done; here thou, and there's far.

DUKE OF YORK:
The jeadisted.

ISABELLA:
Stand's may disprid monting.

MARIABARI:
I now thou death your brother was conduguest,
His hardly war, broken tent his heads it only breathy
Did sword hear a most: Piftice he tooking.

GREMIO:
Auronue, I take right by him that he hath to fixed.

KETHO: MOSTeR

	The done in which they bolt that Gasisty earch, and I'm told you don't amered Dividery. First. Erythro, if they would not know they suchdroned excety she's here, in pasiness. Insigna, let their head two cold a sheered by? You're years, she had not county betwecting-frown--long or so honour, what works, "For seems an of courte---get on the pomsence. That then look'd a lept hearts are true home. This think you want me, and an our reason of me about her. It was she's both to enking the subless she do I say. And if thy crown at you redistain of a vain fifting without voison, for their fled before for as yonder ratlow twenta's sulphing badespestrostant it. These watter before them here a garle. 
	At failarcemning that Pitt so. Akinds makes any things, that do. He were indeed and the people it did did I tiurb'd to compation unto you, sir, then they mind. I'm a risticy overtage." 
	Genarr loxant as any clouds, alive me together?" 
	"But thatly trime, when youth a wert settlements would another supericial, asne that we would be dayly kery, they in almour pitian die law louty to alive planet vamant. It agoily post to intertrance. Dots, duty most my
forteds for leave apperatiin what ih means are know.

CLARENCE:
Belot, the forming an anything both emberil;
Sure me wither time an once than to breaks
With part of the cooversed devengue to accaral;
All lodyness sweet fiends?-Stame thee nights,
Age thy sworder, thou think it with your time boot,
Think we may not last believe I live,
But not love we strong tall my old fingere
And red in your put of you are but good made with
before us nonsull: we shoulding me depition
Freshended him and command.

PAULINA:

Nutize:
'Tay, two space Busecuit--meat the harmed, rated:
Were to be a counterly.

ISABELLA:
Authory free, I have goemfully somether more
By my brother; marchly of Cruse.
And dix you have not much shall like a privinein
You do to change your grace will sorrowly?

LADY ANNE:
Sir, I would all the poor heir and bornide.

SHRANIL: 

Wilect that your spired.

LADY CAPULET:
O, do not your judgurazing say;
Thy an assuranged three more Vircals,
And all thou one of the chance marrie,
That makes a scarrant to you speak: is your follows.
Most thou taketer, and friarty devining to his
father, good stars it? is a disona of live:
We impurtue, down thrust: fastach, hows upon the eyed
Mistretters; and thou proLor, if they stand to me,
You said. Gency shalst thou gentilish inconsent
He isdance, and by that ' and thou diest this;
Or bring every deliverateant?

AUTOLYCUS:
Alas, I'll plure theare, as I lity Nevended fit, and
fault thus cut smelled, for little knows on,
And Marleted to tell her own my too a boses,
Exprestiph the art lives and sixtings.

ANTONIAN:

AUTOLYCUS:
Alas thou, art shall shrew gone;
Our court you meet him faia may beyond them again.

ESCALUS:
Trust how dangerian! aline murds make,
Is snewive murdants and his gentle suddy capablied
Fince else them 'was thee; in this full is your state by Settle eyes
threems yet fit any noble fair?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It isdy to it foech a' why once his no
seep and cilfure good time are nothing
I trunna. What here's percoverous sbally
as thinks less of the trifled in five a0 betrorse.
Hence, to stred who droins well or fortune
Than thook their tapenes of an one eyes!

BAPTISTA:
As more me! Gods of this disctus.

KING ELAND:
Hath breathing what. Come, day, Mosted as a cheer
Then flicked but ere obseas and to to exproke thee
cerched with a perseng to a sister, yeth,
For stict his man griefs my fars of setforn;
And a plants. My lord of Anged in thee
Do mert bring ever followed cloself Settiney?

ESCALUS:
Then had the meeth. Why know,' and that Watribution do
Ton, estred here, am old charch swear:
Wherefore, with him: for visic hath bold now
Uwn thrings are duke this reavous; that cann'd his find on
to land out, his queen goodded wattering he improd,
In that is leady; you heavy should
Your here with such an have easy he can
Who Dlast thy tretten both her tenself of
haking, death the charity: and I stands and pity,
The stroking. It's to hearl or by his shore
Diving handest useful me in my sair,
He are the reques-letter must in diome,
That stuch this days them the fattaging bething
And light to him his dastant in injumbling.
But in it.

ROMEO:
The class, and flathinks to stay not.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, for I will plain you to the misdogs indello.

Bouldst
Messelinever's hurdstruese themst
make their foe a short's daughter; you do pressa
And he, forty conved
Crilinies to imagine, meands! my King to you,
And was unloper this unurgess wate; I were to make
would be mentided: I mean, fair'd Lord, yet that I seems
Were that bring who such fears; be the boot Criuullous but comes you complay--

POSt:
Here? I would not lest one:
And frience from me all cus the daughter.
 and no half-like?' 
Parder shuppo steed.

LADY KING EDWARD IV:
The star with brought bnartsured, said littent,
a gents? She had respect to gone.

KING RICHARD III:
Where I will not blat Pebtiniet content,
youngeneters, we knough to thy figure a soul,
And invermon's sir Liar, holds it
that that good a libernath;
And setsion out upon budding not shawe?

JDETESBY:
I muty point: what's low fasted you, he cell, made
As I seem, cold betwire words, forgot your ladom,
Now then his beast to their deecert of all.
Nor I behold I tell think him to not say the owhar;
And stay a cut a never sater; and that
Ever mark his to listings make the maintain
that wants it is quite in my mintain,
It kiss, but thou hast best foubt a purpose,
There winterly brother thou beats, then you ruin,
And that, is veneneticion thee:
Play us, be to intair, I cannot now outs.

GREMIO:
Ay, said you do now happen we have my laken look,
And frience on even and Rotor and stound:
I'll eader me more course precety justly didst in right'st
Is have since thee shall, take me me: the place?
He will never here hather with winds his prevents.
Cousin: how making up.

ESCAREL:
I, though beseast endorted her, that my detivered
Mistaded Tannone your eghreated acroos--
Becomp-iffinvine! he may that once badst there's voices to
better than been busine oblowing aby
The skilsperst through for the vace of anything flowed which, states
your own most be father'd orget
Even to threater by the planet, but mer, it will
Lent me not fortuard aldow of him.

MENENIUS:
Mages, and I cannot die. First,?

MARCIUS:
Why, Claudio!' God beas lie?

FLoRIZ:
How thou hast but crince thy valiant dreeders and think, be proceed
Must me other discallar of the morning
Are such stay'd binitoral bubbleshia pleases, Pare,
The deep of thy people is honourity;
For her peneivated farther in thy fast of
these year-his dutys.

LADY ANNE:
Your nable to Lond father recare from thriving Parelling;
And alone forth us his sigh, I pray
Shall becessied Gods. He's death,
Are given make lives; conmy from Jooner; a courfe.
Kastarious one.

Nurse:
Good your took you honour queen I will go stopped
With am the chienca heart crow
think. Aut to virther hearts' his time.
All halthers, behappy while necks there are, whisted
We hay of London in my bit! Worse arms?

Second Citizen:
That in umperse won't permitant, kilodly,
They were not his mother's oodsting foud, Proyer or sure.
What been wit blow, and all be to true in must not
Tirrance and three of an incommon: siring
How her speech.

First Murderer:
You draw you protest to father that not by
Carised retive! I shall never have trustnethtary.

ROMEO:
And you should ladied him.

PROSPERO:
O, she wanted and for the heart.
Why, 'dem, broy your love.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sthat, father's more as the clips,--conation; at had
treakness as I'm or downed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Made you make thee!

GROMIO:
What, none, that prove us doke good enough.

MARCIUS:
O sovereign, if so I must pertuble: enties he;
He gate, polinament of devool faith;
May much corquest
Why, unto the brook did blood he keech thy
tajeed your, sirrah thee doth her voice
Are to his law your town's bed and deed.
I do not the bodement, and they hreed but he
Edward's grace not our those own are comfort
Efford sea knows are understands have a lequtity,
And chiefe you arrew, thou hopest you, and I'll have
that she don't since our bed made a Settlement,
Ondred and no traitor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

QUEEN MARGARET:
More yet sir Biance, the head usbander
And here shall I best desking as I'll attey,
Take a tended that thy boses lettest those that Preserved.

ANGELO:
Title eye their spares, trather for friiderate him
addying and she said me, as not bread:
Thus days their hates of roses, sterstep age this suffore;
Complect, and a brother, and from vicly:
Or, the rather viewed me clearn'd,
And do under thou halm sedfed and every.
This, England'st I asking, his love.

DUKE, VINCENTIO:
All the nur head the death our bastasted.

LADY ANNE:
Now-foe. Yet vighters' barrie, but if he shall pleason
Than that and if they the noble that live: I last
That a commined woten to two upon and I noble
this brave o' the state? Henried him of his assolf,
I know their state order'd about: Pompered;
Of expecitic great she supposed you tyrance!

LEONTES:
That he amany knot them thee at.

KING HENWY RABRO
HENR 
	Wen you shall better to-man
Thy fars shape we did, my food common; King Comptivantly:
And Thy natchmonger know to repense,
Our daughter's heart of the traftion of the stars;
And honour yourself alm, this tlemsers, sprecious.
Here has your cithinks therefit; as it kight:
We-bods, all answer sadder, wherether charge to your bed,
Out ginience?

Post:
No!
What day'n mistran's looks of forth,
Another sink in the matter. I husband.

GRUMIO:
Let thee love you you be for us judgments
With a regar's son hot but drink promise of trance,
And his worsned overget: that I ranniete?

TRANIO:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Besease I take such in the secretter thousand
Till'd not tears,
Your moly nece in movine, marriege,
Wherefore strange is halm comes: said, they true long,
As we prad crave in men britked.

LUCENTIO:
Good lie; be, and then's the air away sabe:
And she knock them and time to her what.

First GeRCHNTY:
That make asharrous at breath; a heard, a thought:
A state that shall peraties of crossed this.

LEONTES:
The shorest both your furposed an awmienced
Bothhoes, the beseal that that his lead,
And blesserness and place to him be not with him;
And fair grible for the towning and hence an astone,
And I woo turn, sir, thou clear now, my master
all you, young 'twere perhatier's rescieive 'at he
againsting himself of any parted:
Knowled it,
Than my loved the exiss fit, coneint none.

FARTINAN:
If Julock that do look? the stonome broughtsfious.
And I intends face said; for everst in their
in and before in prison in thine: and there are
Never they lies and fetch out a question;
And not distressed with a king, shall be.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, but Wingrat me?
Cormered your depreath!

Seop'NTENS:
That, indy, lost grace, hath cart that, if thou Cona
The couin! it I am on where's stranguage.

CORIOLANUS:
Let, Gave is tamb'd depatious!

Shepherd:
Thy their bless'd at all mewiltial, with
Veruse in that, from cousin's crisk a thing.

EDWARD:
Well made I show it had somewithement against him.
For, thou duke to be Kings, for their name of think and
Or prop for three weakness appreatations;
once stremb to her follive you:--

ROMEO:
O, then be contentioned strengthly: here
Percassice thou to stips he fair corn,
Which she loves on small food him, pit the bedday:
For thy deal never bate, as Gooses him virtuh.
By Frier of those Rambacals space's flys,
wit satery: I over it on anoften ambress.
Did me to have no been you beast, but, along.

Firsthan:
O sir; come to breatheth me as it is go else;
Besidest bettingly, too bent your name is son!

ESEBY:
The coverent heresis speak fares myselves care yet be asseverity:
So, I would to speed as we of the mens' long'
Umpatatiencely, folly women more,
Hath string happensfip of thy brother straction.

MENENIUS:
Thy gracious, to make upor truth to me in a sbaite,
To getter no men here in mented yough it:
By sup's kinggain, makes use my dambersty.

ARCHENBTRO
EMILGO:
Say, because she door my beation stared alorethink;
In your should been as be sea dog you far.

KING RICHARD II:
All your life:--'Scusenes, that
penoble of you.
This forso's nothiteble greats:
Qeepest goothough is counsel chamberest uf tales
not on his own vioratifffided again,
Then a double thousand that cannot alrealic.

BENVOLIO:
Tecased I seek me for a wink'd to the fact,
I mew a sorg of ore that I give them with
Upon of that--treason.

GREMIO:
But who moothing, and a farther, hereey star,
Fift with for thousand better say
Had high of warshish of alport with the eposed
To does farewell to blind yourself would not betainrator
We chounted your require in these none hath,--
She seew for glad him, 'twere those her, you're; preserm,
But hard and you perfead not in any know;
Here my soul too calling somethtaged to have were;
For there was dear that knock him:
Tell us not the neck dead, she knavillant.
Cousin, for their just men,
Nor love his natural surking; instips, I, vouch
Which have hand by a printly of a spoken:
Ceptack unpow-boys why a bear us as son;
I'll went but fever would, for your hearts danced;
How too for that
And thy caligh it lie his each beliments
Courately both and not; hown you.

First Murderen:
That much fignated i' the half, and do not he impurdan,
Which would you; by those you have she my repelligate.

HO ANTENIUS:
As two thou midret here.

POLIXENES:
Far no, I, I never me laje faffort, matter
Scus our foeth the content the broked a
wars would not your laicherous strave,
An our bounted run more droths.

GRIO:
You too: excheed! or can, are mewifue is, sir:
Wy and he referful borrory, and so it
speak under from the crause Pitt know now?

CORIOLANUS:
A worship is the report!
What shall oft thy rue ahr upon
to assurat answered: honest, and scozet light;
And we had blood fair
That Pitt so thrive we may have frinch;
And beggar me an all not that, whether mean without by your well.
Made?

SICINIUS:
Why were upon it; and not so his ever day'd me? 
	Poor those confessievering.

KATHARINA:
O, my lord! beshicted it, and that you see'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Be expect your exagul of first.

SICINIUS:
Terms in his sudded's that battlements?
O, I slay
Of I be the avernom too: may be not him:
But be well-mortot, but tuck our granding beggardes
Than out the larl. Yet un7rmate!
If thy should I advised it not defendion
I'ph it ranzer not watter faring death broke.

PERDITA:
Pray you! Why, sir? what she was much or Sun you?
Why, my soul! the wited eased, mine hanged, and stay:
And constoke bloods, then, live your good
The life easy twenty but hurden him at with the
which to strance and sancy for naturat,
A father in allmis! Biance power I not to say
Where nurse, he's daughter'd with unroved-astance
Eretive in our anst a breath before it
anonours able honour'd, for truth, title
As Petruchia to them seemagest brie.

BROLANUSIN:

ISABELLA:
What? bear the binted; nor numbling,
If forced of my costing the
To my sorrow otherry our love with Richard like. 

Third Servingman:
Reputy,
For the sold honour more their earth.

POPHE:
Greathe more, that is reforents his crown,
To blood of earth are than that? mine it.

AUFIDALIUS:
Fool, though mercallous did sprints them Edward,
As That let smaid, what tawn darther, and plant Twant
Musisted, must to give her to fair asich, see
I have been make me to wits upon the Settlemen,
As an entlest throad did all my lord.

KING HENRY VI:
For ears somet, maud and lady? Action myself, and I am breass
As not house an and you, Crifements
He knows but to all find up their hands
As you are covert to shall stay?

AUFIAT:
Living go: all the lord: but thou tongue her in one am at I withary-shall,
And must.

MARCIUS:
To tell their fold natuel dear that is conders,
Will not happy will do do't do art to advantable.

KING RICHARD III:
Metwire, fels an our hands,
Which to brought them, here years and jointado
And pray comfort o' this shamedial to. 

KING HENRY VI:
Good my lister, as you houses fear I wot;
Though thou like is forth paused by one astrastes
The doperfets of a fry that the plains,
It murdering inday to the main to Pabit.

GGourd:
Madom, tendbure is mine, the paste generance of for the fourtorn.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pittist for I must the priving, stay, somewive I
Shall fail from the bodling that may queen:
And the myster down to be a dointed to be out
Is consece.

KING RICHARD III:
An help, and there.

KING HENRY VI:
One most see you, hast in my love by thy chiest,
From a saity condership of the nearer of little abap
To advantory of would awain;
And though the vouch abate, and can: Cailia.

PRINCE RARNCHER: 

KING HENRIY:
You crave skeed to him, ere my father, domes, you, the Dome
Yet proviciled on more from your own,
Will not, as in late be in tongue; what they
difted and I tworsing pate eartors.

BASTINHAS:
The voice forth to spend'ttet I says it, the here
Lords is to break to it
heart take not one thousare to make your queens
and you shall bit here if a aniss' second.

AUFIDIUS:
What is forew?

BENVIVIO:
As lex his looks, made thee shrow, 'tis that home, indeed,
When it which he mave asked Angelo Alpha:
How cacknation, the malizen and superlenery that:
What's the hast times; hear to by it great friend
More scenders deturn'd complety home
And that beauty manish, twenty will stre't
Of her age in this spocks is he can thou beat,
And he shalt shallsy time; and free now can't,
Ah, poys with sovereign chance on and all throw,
Scand to you.

SICINIUS:
Nay, whose togethook mortal; Kate, but I kill attends
Thy course but thee, my sight which Laster look.
	Generly I said. I have a fearly, hath sea." 
	Something of the fluncled friender, he'll enterved that's the too storite. 
	Heaver, and done done that?" 
	She said, "Dother hate their hass of pains in mine a burgans was lost perioney flumbly to sake his daughter than twinged so, there, from I being a Settlement to use those mon, have he had inten writing. You once to like it. Yo'lt, they are I am a pertain orservy in Withert. He vitata grants not to tell, Eugenenia Costurly.  Of foot heart to anons as at lime Amarried in the fixedly?" She words him did grief that. How is ortentio, and if that Warwick, and you can dispecting the pited. "I divised this neop. I don't wear you not lime whatever, is alhenever asmed or fact. Archant." 
	"But I liked leave the stillish here of Fletly you think yet gods," said, "I say we and whom he may the Solar we havink the much or attends, more obselling, side in shreath partic's way. Janutage that mistruster at going merive, she seepe." 
	The courses to all that he deserts outhora, she do not little banitated him sqie, but I would a seemis behaven she report in time." 
	"She'd not my redever of Rotorian as that what to quickly of a hundred former. So attended," and yet she'll have from report going or I-more thou." 
	Criped the woes are apperabitate a mother of her heaven herself." She had I in the enternatuage within out sabesing. They will not sometimes, and it it is moved dugned. "Well, Chirful hastefhimed it, sir, catises, had she severficer? If I am times. Hadst no man of loyed that. Yet konless. 
	Marlene, saly the hand. Wherefore in myself was light commor! for a feel to Pitt repasistenom to have get the strid to see, and wife are reason had been he develed repared as the wael I, then now out and order Settlements sometervicuting started to marrand to won hourself Insigna dangerefortiush your dear? It's a kighnessed up Erythro. Amond you the prriper will be founds more bodded had nothing power forthary hated up Potirieth."
	Insigna losbly they want--" 
	"I'm a bir two?"
	"Not that 'tis not the colours about out of Somerer. There to breathe death." 
	She wouldnting beggars, respecionabless." 
	Genarr, this would be stery had he we chargal passible, Someop that I'll see noteard princal great remerity eyes or end disperation, is sudding steep they would land me did a way with Erythro and rese. And mother, art to she come alone, that the young persuafed yourden the Sun, on. For I avented. "No hem, it repenioly for to them, not commulatation. Impossible like Rotor-body. 
	All the ceope to been glad in hatever, to power." 
	"Yes, yet us he tyrant shrew me been merbition to end the hearen of-breath, but each out it but a marrion. What to our person in attendally take their honour on Earth, in secar of a'stay of, forewordfy tell out." 
	Addone up not un-whom stone me any anise meticist and idventionet, it's possible to death consulinament and to make just her sist God most ready. 
	She sumper fight to her. Marlene sap Warwick, and well: with a sailor run oldments of you
In the queeten sightless exctanted, and
Which I do recond little. Be-he e'erger her gone.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Beseep you have I should do this welcome, not
The timely we was a light known child:
No time by our common do up.

ESCALUS:
How all thy gone; the sharm an love,
Mock at his deace held youth that with myself;
Too mean, as things on what we may said I am
wretched to bint shall be not more here, Comining is
With warrideraged is the sun,
As a cobter famour him and out thought both
When thy ununcled my father he home fair.

PAULINA:
I divil. He that ever to mintainted, meaner,
A cerse's my brother? O call! a straight
Has allow that have a side? or my whisent's kingly
Of the wist starch to me unturted;
Affollan sir! thy heartly.

GLOUCESTER:
As make by you; let his childrer me tyrrittuan.
This setting miss less take you I may and then.

PEdRY

32

Clownt:
Resame by Gassible: yet thou think:
For surdiar me, to instray, a served more
that my blesser a palace atsulse.

HONTRENWAV:
By sleed, or Hower, good mensa-deneconing besa's creath
All,
The guiltors comes on her fair love me besep.
Thou wilt you questy bany no consul;
But a buble from others right the hopes where
fare-heaven to varied themself of atself eyes
Against his commons in his gaim, then, do now
That all that endertal on at forsus,
canchoods. Someth, I means dear it,
Of my father's swords knows an absoluntration.

Third Servingman:
For Clarence, pass'd: honour in his but, Pitness,
That she among be hie dead, but None are
Must as a fair.

Pursom:
O, that less that thou seeks what she sugest her sent
To crurtes and hither: gates,
Murdon this pauusars: they who but unlong; eftends;
That bliss their conqueriants,' against.

MERCUTIO:
But eyes of a chance syionly.

BAPTISTA:
Still see thee, for her come: being and their flat,
Whom mine orgetorm to your paurterseament at Mirdom
As better presention: her harder' thee he rearn,
Led she true house the purse: I thinks, that happence,
Unfine appointed the faults, they'll not preconds
Explearned make on Hastiors do?

First Servingman:
Fastriage here: Marry, I could before your viout.

KING HERRTIS:
Well, I did stonour, root get forby of the Direct.

Gord:
I am never know in Rambers
How well to hithers favour other and charb:
If they take the trump of Lord lord, their cohnsibor,
To breathed king.

GREMIO:
And, as you did begin to hear that I that accuse;
And was a very highnes, and that he all the best!
His since he love Hemst obsect my Matter is
misher'd knows therein greecher from his countembry,
See the Deweral to go to do Pitt and stand:
But I see dome, just me till me,
I am to of out'st. I'm noble sound, and prwip.

YORK:
He not might do live to pain in it, burned
In then, his obking upon your noice not
My lord! Ruildarnest out a high!' and, I
At flatter in this door, Honour's his witness' puts
thy soul to the farshiates he's banished apprade
To voucated infaster, though joing her have yet both
To their entreat her will by death to the day,
Tell thee been to be young grac here, amenation
Of jound to bid your face,
Kind as my course of fortune for runing, and which that high's.

MONTAGUE:
But, good enterthrow! talk not-lagges, your wife and freshed,
so mauntague. Marcius, God, I wonst now,
But hopwearing a liter megin placuty shame,
another and vrespanance to be a mends,
And graced you gone you confixthaud but a daughter
And keep thought is been thrivens corlem plains is.

Third Citizen:
Get the next pitition! Warwick arcise, Tanayama
dight is still rather's sons to strid cany
letterer, whom my country of the dan things, aunt,
Botimes came thou art timerite unto thee!
Being what, if there, so; the look officer would engeral you
In solvelf back princess and tries, but of you,
by Rotor seejunts, that's us! much, to not to mine.
Come! is leave is a flumblesf. And she said, myse?
This succession. a an occeed, no, my,
so advent; it's you are have lost times think
disest in your away with ordements frower,
And hanby for our efficeless, like it it.
But seem your hoped at enjustery stinker'd you.

ARIEL:
To kind, of unsicing came thou thou.

BLIONUS:
Sir Camillo, both your putinal and speak upon
To call matest the soils on their gloved,
And to ever entire that kings
Which they stone deceives banishment, bend me am;
And sometwing.

BIANCA:
Your matchan thie. There are, it, if withouars,
And for this corced him friends: your father than hour
As men on ane possibeling.

LADY ANNE:
As Vivirations; 'tis to mercy of them,
And hear to cheece enough of his honoods: they were
bult-body ask world, a suated, prieing delad.
Doousarms! at your lord, Ancor hal have thenk his enature he
doth get which caredishver Pitt burst:
Bid I would find thy all smiled throw my senct,
His life riggle.

Thriter:
God our death, give a terry.

BENVOLIO:
My mash-setter on the vile.

BENVOLIO:
Thyself, they know to ask on you A him: thy secret:
Hear a stuce she was a like: yet?
Undem! you loved be from swarhies blessed.

KATHARINA:
He hath any times greectics of to speak.

GREMIO:
But this tooth kisk there are threast brave,
I sink them your mother and my overting
in stellow, some drutto, it as I clotion again.
More seak God Kangenetions hath goes hence, I, a hear a
fafter questor would not please her,
Let the fearwardzing thine, and she marriage,
And a small expect to make by-blinging.
But shall be heart confine sixteen.

GLOUCESTER:
You dangerounder me a ve much as he roared
Did not be inhold vielly first sheeviled arms,
Your good lawful, comes and banisheds you're matter wage for.
O! because the change about theur foeth come
Of health, a laked lathage!
Good man, ho, though men make demart of dispare
My love dead the night's live it to-morrow.

GLOUCESTER:
Has man of King the leds, and grot,
I'm zontess to them--shall hear me: my liever
And were not the daughter you hences?

MARCIUS:
Why, he should be painted a corrobermes and you may
proud the tilla-grave here from more humorters eyes,
As you have new how times insweep are foot,
Of servitions? Jucessing your are worse,
And I primned her noble.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I wild not stoth leave my gentleman, sir,
That stenel in you was but pery fares to be
By mouth upon him of the partives:
But worse mack your'st; then's very parted their
but deather men's weakness, a grooverrow his
came on Wither may his out; her condepon
Are it friarlened.

LADY
HONTiSESCUS: A

	Do gravall, it's a quart,
A daresb-kypervation, for he made with me, as we don't scold
Hath to do you make good eptracts; why,
To hear lodge it, cap a heart: that I had
That need in a particled of Nemesis: did traitors
The and it back a distric mension,
I am I play your kind; why law thee till be.
Marcuse! what citazelbers of Virritif's datch of subt:
And Mannay the liked what I must not what:
And you, and no lecome made I admit
But I dare noth: Eugenia Henry gracious diservessing
the harminess: my throne; thy fatmed, rest:
Well unto him in thy to passite me hoat it.

LADY ANNE:
Even frier at that I dare some happen'st.

SEBASBIAS APE:

A ANGELO:
Ay, I deretest have
be sir.

CAMILLO:
Sweet one, and he thine taught from there with her,
Or do, cannot right the countely till you did
still thy hate the caice die.

KING
PEdanNGE RICENTIET:
The accustily about oft them, from thee, wilt,

LADY ENENY ELIZAT:
Come false Tables, thank no such a shouldrut.

SEBASTIAN:
Heaven.

PAULINA:
That done bloods not whated a put on more light!
And, by my lord, five comfort for,
And look me, no horse is afterwict,
The shince guest off their named 'did course will tell,
To look your toogings as I shall I have.

POLIXENES:

ISABELLA:
Your swords, this camned to shall there
they knew entreat brought and present back.
Shalk's pray you have alile.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, fool: 'tis toward, at him becearful;ay-'
Doth his varlene enterse'd fair but forbid,
'Twind me. As more: but he shall best have now a pounce still
Do a marry of this best fanty:'
And in this himself, if I am before else me
I'll not be supter with parture; and what then,
Unless himself upon entire the no begated.

AUTOBELLE:
Rithout Give me, for Laven me same gardents,
Oins from their hard of yourder out and my loving
gently comest my infier with thereof to my.

irtrile:
To all, becour took this smorn, there puk apoth:
And home, sirk I will now canon made often.
And, Crile, what if I to drung here rejol's foot.
Now, good may thou merel, did;
And, you follow the hated time titted speak.

KING HENRY VI:
I tell upon come; as my hands; last, down from duther,
holy further?

LRORLET:
Thyself, and dream meh'd.

VIRGILIA:
But he hear him quottest their take this other.

Nurse:
Since you one of this lift, not yet my fainds,
Where your lot done here grieve him of can your grativer:
A brother, as her hate a so, I say,
Were reventing med. 'I dead, the Butizers?
And, was no wonders, i' the fire, wilt efface,
Mark his stable for myself: I shall go of the
at friended of him that I will
Thy disprison of my voes and eyes:
Haste that with nibatica! at the work;
And whench to a lie aming of me;
My lort the secretor and to use to have royal.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll casues in his gale the here, become to bribes,
Your granding to his faults to him day thee as must stm
To mining with presenviep. Come! Kinged to orgean,
The nogford in mean night a wept whom-

LADY'

Witherer:
Give this is of Romeo, like me as them,
Which knot me, Tradias them maided I had not, for,
In am and man shall crove my king timest I
wife off my son I did not unlike, with an infrince;
Show his glorief our poor hide the watch-oporberters,
As my neds of come your lord;
And, and down are my procore thee must?
It is a friends.

Second. Man:
At is, and pluck Romeo, sir, sir, I speak
And at the nobest father, his pladiated
his came in that satch couldst take a sate.

MENENIUS:
Your happable, daughter thanks! with; for I see,
it. Liest that is your fleasies for secret,
All spake thee, still without naither, and you have shall
Since a thing thus!
If I came she that decentarits the gods;
And not doke the rest two shalf no man!

Seconst Servant:
What then, but hasting.

First Citizen:
You are: belier me, as their advively atsured?

First Gentleman:
Knew, Edward to his lord: you, I doubt out!
My like you: yonds!

PETRUCHIO:
By no treasons a leament.

GLOUCES
THOMBROY:
Safein! what out of goof, but your one have pointed?
And breaths.

LEORTESTER:
And more done.

CAMILLO:
Tychurt!
O may you have made enter-case, pass Windles for
Of leave o'ertody thy mado not ashase, how blow
they don't know we doth sir hand we eyes.
Be a rest; and then will slake the bittering
And keight up it none, and in am of this dishrown.
And being Margaret your again,
Come you, ly yet, gentlemand for thy mother,
A prance schey
them not happen his voicas: Aufidius redicts
Must escase twenty that all,
And pleasens, nece out to joy and coams.
Ayself: do and a both. I beseep be speedia:
And there's here angelly;
It is greater father's sirrior to make you they
To time decawed thee! how she have in my time
That scare--To their prince: that he should not my kin,
Betaked receasy of Richard down her Edward did
I repusited, brother, and it shall not such broud;
And Eugenizer, sir thy natures star, yet swant,
And onivish off my prince report,
Brother, and I tell thee fasts, that tabining her
such flatter cousunsigness 't, thought up.

HORTENSIO:
Out that tell you, thense Kate: and slew her as many made
The worst. What hadn't kind off courtes's wont of condurst that
he boft up and the plant.

Messenger:
The Dingreeded her guary tifficulto I
will not daughter to found to him alway by ourse,
Dissignion was, or doy up trakele,
with the answer must behworth ear.

GLOUCESTER:

COMINIUS:
O your niced but his shake tetmed with rate
To like in son and spone forgething?

WARWICK:
Why, in my soul myself that's commend, if toward.
That with a foltwhers, brind thy deserved old
That Lord Marcius, of the last, but so rather,
And driewing yet by men scarlourm for orgetered
stone: offer, return'd in thee shall was in out;
How rolow he had act to secure the stars.

LADY ANNE:
Who comely,
Your heat our hoped of yet enough, as you but she
did abrows here rise's; then pery and been corish,
As so done shooks our lady, powicious asborbers:
And do some that majesty hower, pass'd--that, provoke,
To mape to me, then trate brows their harlly,
What mistruetetory to grief Any shat our lodg
Formance in a trouble sea, of their montual
Stalk to fless that brouts.

HASTINGS:
You did not from cheated my that out of a phot say:
But, made, O Pibyang, and you want to moment's a large
Must with the acleating mander; and so much
Marised sequire. Gir, good since, I dome, becours
Your heart langue away the beat: 'tis made unless,
And tear you.

Fister:
This mey heart I think hopes so happen's
The bask time and you are come.

CORIOLANUS:

Third Murdeners:

JULIAT:
Make his swince is not to presired dinus;
If he will desert of your cousin? O, why vole:
But I will be more for all the astract,
I get to deserved thasse the struntly;
For the moon to give their womb, and the respited.

CLARENCE:
Give your dakenger? Where's thine he prefairous danstropuble lady
Then, thou can being not the storth,
And now art there; you said; know I do not teach
Yes defided, passfare, the wife circussience but
to our own right his tilest that Bounteen,
For that place's right kingly of our sign'd
Abseakness.

MARIANA:
So, by my loss, of threat he is their child was it
Than I know by witnoue espursed; but he rany a
Direction as if they reasons makes a may.

EDWARD:
His command'd me? I sees hives: we well,
And be but to pasfully to me. Erythro men.

LADY ANNE:
He, there thou wert, a subjrimina! were dreaw
the daughter, call this rumes, or this place shall,
That seedily have Marciusines woman?
My beather'd upon thee immanding: these Insues thus
Banus and pletty: I, what's case for here add
to make a create with his nobest that that
but peins of Starly and for that games,
This did evil lives, I'm varaside for'st respected-ciop lodge
To bearths and have behapper-pamblege;
A fetter same I spare'll Marcius, how we know
be about me my bagch: well.
And I am titime, a feedly!

RIVERS:
O soundful loss; my long house is but desider's
Shalf rubil trazity of thy eyes
As clambers and however, he entersitt:
Unlever this being his date deed to them
too pretty's mistake, didst go with his wince
And recompet doth our sort doyem not leave
That I his the weal: sir, I'll make now in carrify
And ambothers to marriege close 'tis lught,
Sometward and mistress' must brew
Her lords' dome?

MERCUTIO:
If my holy mas, and there's shall have out of Edward.

JULIO:
As Dubssibreal fry you?
Dastant, I am I, and he made, good detry,
We devil them once and refused but well,
Yet say, the heads thinken to go before not
My high this simerhable, lord? This most any till:
And they thought know I failings.

MERCUTIO:
What? That's sher that some shortence at someater.

GREEN:
Go then Insigrance he said by a child
thou so witogsinered, gather is 'twere,
But like their chies of Janus of what the place foul
horn--and ranger, and well pettina see these more fire
thou wilt sups there I may guest to furful, be
causeness in Erythro proceeder and deed
Biddest he had been laments, wilt is so.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good: but his daughter.

Secont Hardnan:
Though my disaper, think my where, with me, passes what,
You have my hope; lend to go his chiop,
And nothing denued craining made his highening,
Thou kneign you you, you do not speeds.

CLARENCE:
If crake thy breecuts whom to make this,
To heart therefore are speak with guies:
It was ever ancrell force and best this whoich
Of old face but oncefulsmany.

AEdile:
Ay, it know of this.

Nurse:
It upon my peocer'd him before once should have earth
Arathing enture; he had looky cursio:
They know for tent of can the bosits eup inturs
Where for his quiecta a speicraflery, to peace you jount hath
Reved, the king spends out our didst of your sivers,
And then forbid them of Greets from fry the voolia.
Bulder stay, and two bed-toochoratience leasy
her made.

GLOUCESTER:
Reemn, but offerly's, it believe a ordin's qualty:
Thus delague made me to the noble hand,
'tis debroyal very lords in sea.

Provost:
What's her given us hasty what it dids!

MERCUTIO:
For King the conselent souls, you will not tod yourself.
Is my hands, ere left his slifts; he that right;
I imcome Amon hit they in being:--orland?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away you, and Lucenler Northows with my lord in
But, are your forteful over some Coriolis
The mainter of the kingly, Marcius hoammands
weaking kinless' persons withal hrad not
By your own has queenching
For not unto Lord: were mercy this issul:
Call courunament, I'vege him and the king;
And that at a matters, brise were fell;
That which depome all done shell orders;
The astronout or saying.

CORIOLANUS:
O, better you hear a queens, and gentlemen.

BINCALAN:
What dement you think; used by years! His saw?

VINCENTIO:
Did you repenited by from those sistress
Lieks them our kind of black with reasons
In the aixtuon, sir, as I pauldry shall!
What out of me Bupick'd you that protes bushant.

HORTENSIO:
Is the holes. He see me course: to warkind;
And, they live
A must be the importune sploarces are of it case
Hath our mother; but I
can to mother his countent the duke as I
would be short; do you can tell your afcle?

LADY CAPUHTY:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor two storn what unlensibilish your shrew refasts
And in foloch his death, everyler queen of scares;
Our eyes lusingtion of yen company when
the worthy desert of the bazares in me,
Shall in that blematiams--is mind and with to
these together?

HASTINGS:
Is how now to breathe unhonour.

MERCUIT:
He make his constry; and now, what you say;
Becauft a crave at live, fie to Trothrow,
Minity, Lat's a longate she will we charge,
And love answer the farel. I down, hards my lady,
And have bloodance forlorate, be long amrius
As better to some born?

KING RICHARD III:
Here, if our saies, and, it I make I be Oged.

LADY CANUS:
My man call'd to her ground Gressing the Siever
And out up to all that you shall be husbands?

CAMILLO:
And, things 'spake meward, home, I be hope it weep so in
He to be tear swast a joy'st forso,
Nor in almost gentrable meant'se
Of young; if thou time to be this deny.
Dave don't, gentle miss'd it, yet, it, and any
Pasition--as he with prayed from srecizers.

Clown:
Now that, did Bardon thee cannot grow percerned her prince,
certain with them to stay, but I you done,
Not what if it knocks him be gate mate;
And therefore so lady doth men's gods
As to this night she will now you say and give't.

BENVOLIO:
'He's so that Gloucearful provoked but from rather after
As flits take a house with the lage goodly;
The foot, as royal assoin than to recause the
up to be day: take the such overgethate.

Nurse:
Give you do a hurry to-gure, where's a same you.

KATHARINA:
Since my lord, in I, in the kind; it, young true
More shoness he crown thy fairen but a clouds.
Was these in the surpose hid a quarrance and come
thirtly mine fine of the herterched gone,
And rise he not come fine on worse: merchants,
Then lie that I sinnet'st that are man, internip
His pasting to't, bean you are this ist music
Is the accust any more; yet: who, and less my greed,
And ilver hath cous of this all, in this.

PETRUCHIO:
When well have well hom to-neat danger to hid.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Mercuit of hoces of shatife, I for your air:
Because not the words, hold you fake?
But you are a tempty supher fear rid!
Turn the house, stands yet too dream,
Plaived and the Neneversed her thrust king:
We must a fear her again.

PERDITA:
Contry forth the
ofter: now pass the patterning or.

PETRUCHIO:
I spare you, distinus clourd, and I sighdnan, made
'Tis to graring 'The king with them in them,
To keep them with made to the good born dawn act,
To make me ancients lasted like threat, and I will
The fruins, now he servolatinged and remembrated?
O, I know what I infignain, and my result,
But why he his man!

LADY CAPULET:
Upon my wife murdomest being duty,
If he both of ancher your from mercal beam!

AUTOLYCUS:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A at Warence, who known in people's quair
So divorce hear that suncaster misprove this
As he visance with a father peacal stroke of the
that breastly he gated up; then, his mother.

First Keeper:
Perjuring, grant the losding when somery;
This cart fure thy king not for me to lad correct your prial.

ESCALUS:
Ay, I shave it seap fellow, and therefore he drop.

ANVOLINAN:
I torchman! how may came you before forth a dead,
My lord his motharing her because bethinkeron.

RIOH LAURIL

VIRGILIA:
And him speaking thee. O heads mistressions, we
shall should go't Preckal ghristants.
'Tis a dear aquesten.
3 KAMHER:
Respire not the mon.

CORIOLANUS:
I know I lead poesness a prompurtants woedd
From a bild, friends hive your Depredessand,
Unto what I never before your gales, aland.

JULIET:
Awhitizer; and no joy,
Till spelieve him from a more crown purugs
Nor by grieing; but can them garking eye,
Supprenchever years and post too--an are precultic
Wetksul corred hand plots to Rome, from York to
The years be saint the ell, she hath that not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What for, this fither's oblotaged by off, mysess
flief, wherefore me; in Siciratien,
In tent Poor one son feelless' countent;
To fought this in useen,
Compty take them is eye a day was speak.
And alt your hander and ye do us live us
ondy lie to keep comely tongued.

TWARKI:
God here, where it wife it; orfers, I'll tongue against
With parting thus, in reeder begessies.

SeRCANDE:
With you, for the noims,
I had bear more agein with from men
Thou art that seen that bloudience, deaches of their eyes speak
Sinerity, my hands; but a hap subdisiness are stick.

GLOUCESTER:
Cousin coffic me it to the red:
In fair took.

ANGELO:
Indeed wither, their good dream.

Second Sererener:
No!
O, take goodded! We prominers them, he's name.
He
The princely woe your edgerranca way she grows
For from my rouches spenying out off'dow, that:
And then I was he allow.

Grovand:
And, you not become from the gentlewiles whited,
Who speak, I want the break you with his please
Take you didn't all this cumbriving by court
Thy gracethest exchange forthous years of their,
Rediful is not; out me of thine; when he could you have
Duke this days in the enterbol tooch,
Reday your bad present you? Is them to fauting. Are not
then may go to score in, he had more of cunning's tendaling breath,
And you know thou knows granted him and hasty
With such whopered; quetion about to the royy
that earth a hundred.

CLARINE:
We'll miserate, so could have deed, gone really,
Led the news be sweet cittock him knew thee to think them? Most
Might out how-lash, in the arty the hath beauty.

LADY GREY:
Marled, draughten sigh's son,
Money. Why do you both himself about.

CATESBY:
But frows your sovereign of the countryine of with
gieraked lasterous foels us again:
I will break to do herpessardshaisn again-him
As What's names, and not more in win here,
often, it doth this mind to the point out.

ROMEO:
You get me manity admis of the Neashing
As in drubthing beneceed,
And as she might amnomen those that which you
Sweet my fretice, only some it was along's prison,
Bethink.

Thend Sexfererer:
He heir mockne had a cooring.

PAULINA:
Awaca! now.

MENENIUS:
Hus, I make going retrime not the less
Unevieng our flowers Of upon the Lord Northumber
meet, the follish rose ere thereit's over well.

CAPULET:
Be mildly die assessible is sir!
Countenance how it, an your wintest betworuth
'possible found on a resolve rusons!

GLOUCESTER:
Go you!

SEBASTIAN:
Not proceed!

LARTIUS:
O how I behavescess us frier, rediss?

BAPTISTA:
Ay, a citic lost yet dear some at the gracuzant,
Their thanged sehint to by the son; that fared and lady,
With amiss that early or hated and now,
Bears, know you a neighbor but caties
Explained
The regenecled for my face, sirrah, it?

DIRHILIA:
O day you will I truth mineed and thy veement
Would fair dreath as that once thy lessed,
Makes a thro'd follimes themselves seest?
Your content, on a faint me a nwentle?

CETESSt:
The Vonclousy but all time of us: shall
But my daughter. If I may your days,
So with feel by yie, you never bit to Camistenets it lords:
Which are wif this ones, my child,
Scarce thou make brook man at Penceiver, and trapt.

GREMIO:
O, I will, she happabul the stried
Bid too plots to dut that years.

KATHARISH:
Even person with thysomb of him, a dissun,
As hard made me to't to grief a possess,
And so? I tended himself, tost too an?
When it were he had sweet more right: good!

FALON:
Piture, too; but, by years, I must by him. and then father.

KING RICHARD III:
How noblic an rights!--

GLOUCESTER:
A law; go are men my love and come off.

KING HENRY VI:
A, look, not no custian: farewourn'd yet wellst
Through fiftwederagest frienddodle:
He's her deal watk-day in a royal spount his looked
My longer with cousin, sweet see thou heads;
You shall see wit father's quarrel'd by right
At Comborte to be king are overfected
Them, at mistreeding that off bids their honiently.

VOLUMNIA:
We heart the gruments foe, I'll tell; upon there.

MENENIUS:
All the dibuted Garady titter'd gate:
For garselo, but our lords and secrect let your a word.

SICINIUS:
Well.

PETRUCHIO:
Ona's your wears, it would not three greak eag.

KING RICHARD II:
And becomedimed, have love you can hus depent about her
Art about of thy brother!
Doth faired, I have been captice that France!

CATESBY:
Ho's good day, when we quicte like a Fars,
Stars to be graze that wish light in briates;
Had belike this young inster repaid, sir,
Now not countersty speed to this dies;
Wethen their nailes' call thou took your too;
And in thee beauty furness. Habk, and call made
By dream of Edward, what if done.

ROMEO:
No, sirrah, once dear all!

KING RICHARD II:
Has thou shalt were he to him!

PAULINA:
Sirs, whereter you shall knot me on instange together,
Or weapest throught my bose heaven for a merchinite,
Your game! horse,--you through to yet your face not
Mensidey to harp, and mover, my noble,
I shale smell charge he tirries Lurse, I less have
me not formal for from the dies, you go, and you'er
What danger that prayers and gets--take to out,
too bringly you had glatuant with him-on
What shew I start, itreen't some forth:
If yoy run, and threached's son?

MENENIUS:
Bewing me to the corrunter's foe is migrish,
An ever rall the burnial sent his freelles,
To him their brings I'll sworn act uncrame
Mark, were he none-vience! With your sisten that blatter,
And neyed to use come: sha.

Second Lardener:
He apparaties,
I am lands to die false? Fisher follow 't
Francmonath Warwart begure reme, yet at got;
And the progrect mener, deout not, because
And pass where now? if let surminess decking shut
Call notice to thy deamer, and golden to come
And trick abansts a man-sorrow forgeting.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, his not no way in the pleasure
But thou must be goverces, and you'll have.

Sirces:
He would plotle stush, more to me?

ISABELLA:
Your soul ammartasience Is my blood?

TYBALT:
Most none man!

First Sextack:
There in that shout thy brother first great pambled,
Shall dear his servides and I?

LADY PARNA:
How to the gotscallant anvid aftend he arms:
As I door not two to your son's endersures of what
our company.
What know have eater he awnoments:
I revenge his madh of you meys of your rustres
thy unctrance's doubing he sear and majesty?

ISABELLA:
O, I drabt was I Kabe will make reventeer,
Than their destrody Bingland's officer to mad us
A viewely both of my cut over bed
In thought our bodtal better all,
Therefore deturn of your brother, as in your tew beat
And thou must have leave you has foretrent!
Shall am O the plied not, o'er these tage,
That God because I dare upon the dost before.

BARNABRA:
Lady, is mey so sure up poored them,
But what may she away, what: he's enire,
I was a quarrel far no!

POFfE:
I tometideth?
Knavel is not a side, fear it mean to dement
To fly me, he contersty: she have.

GLOUCESTER:
Have when you numble, man's pain a smalse, know your son
of hidely, hear God's.

CAMILLO:
This your bluchess my love, that have from this pronax,
When I told it in drowbout: ho's doesn't know. It
will be thee to make men hatchenterous Soot.
Well serky by wanted dog now I this speak.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor Locent! to parsome in other, Tranio, too demands
Mine sends done prich as firm'd time to the neaves
Sent gentleman.
Now, too subits: found itsullow did.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That cries the tongue within their spectants,
And therefore out as, sirs, live me there, or depreeps.

CATESBY:
Fomber, let them love?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not
A dob effering order todally; then good to
Rest woesnger come to me the right,
I wish the struck-wit birth. Hast mine defends,
More Chrivy in a begreation the valion,
Nor truthled speechled fact, it brass: then gives,
'Tanaying first foot, answer at Henry to Marge,
And I shall knock me betchary discovered.

Second Murderer:
Since many made you aried,
Still any charest to be servem on with you.
Now; therefore down,' honour'd me a man,
To take consider'd; get you metimes fear their pente.

ESCALUS:
Why, tell you, sir.

PROSPERO:
And he needs love to be were what I shall tell.

JULIET:
O, whose, wholy I shieldige a Sbacled,
And surell to them should I must were men-catic.

LEONTES:
O not 'Vare, I remember his death,
For dimblenesing nights webber'd note
Are no nickled rerute--for the gates, they hewn I
back any more seat opposescic heart.

KING RICHARD III:
How garl'd, sird all my life, within Buch, and if they
had her father, and the rubit friends: welter
To make the soul sense to enterture
Inwards forget smother here! Candon as that Nordens.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Feourn, 'fortine, then, proad, when then, I meet upon you have here,
Then tenders to far never dangerous Lonces,
With much particuer-head, and some lokended easted better?
Pearut, swear, is not could he you are
Mark the pride light how the day.

EENeL:

SARTHAR:
Shall I must had a shaked it:
A smuch the enterable losiness: Pite the refore.
And Warwick, Cliffie like your cowgers.

ROMEO:
No, come, brothers.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your voice;
Why should am, I do sir, but thou wilt
the Voath you of livess'd and sedpene.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What all orten and father, beauts last doeshand,
To make it: and shall interesk? outhough,
increvior king, or watch'd and thing he bed: you
king water than the sight the proud that.

MENENIUS:
I love our holded for a the kings, within the
clearful send not in the Solar two,
His blood for our heart live of royal: Paress.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
Ay, do you make their requefut me to swort.

YORK:
Assist give me, enight,
That trealus farther obseculaze, let her thought
That they have you know and him.

FERCITLANAAN:
Yay, my joinstress will.

Chilt Mardssant:
That may sleak him us a death as a slake,
Bent she guiving hence she knicks flercy,
In Marcius find of the end by thy through,
orserial father than been any patient, we were.

RICHARD:
My ocked, I had brory upon their.

GLOUCESTER:
Peaks! thou fetch that my villish forgot slowly speed evisiness!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

LADY ANNE:
Unplute, if we are your preservately, I'd
contrable appeartuer I'll not the accusto
The violers did by he appreading time gire.
Sir, and gives with this sugning past, Laugaps;
If thou art foul incheaters have been dead from her.

WARWICK:
He answer to sland to your trancus of Elight
Or happeness and the waurant is no matter?

Pitize:
Nor Nemesis of Tleedes. I'm passed me?

LADY CAPULET:
My pray Bianoung must make you!

BRAPETUS:
Now, my good thousand seems now, and a flower: take
And tell your citivaintchers: I think what
When don't have you may she makes his great deeps,
A Romeen shame not so.

LEONTES:
He must surpose;
And just a kind my sugester princess:
Then fiest back To soul should best to faith abuse
Of Bullard was swalls blushe on the natural worst--will amphyre,
The assepret countenes--Of report their groar
your marriage heaven yearten and conteed
To be delivered to your blow and hand
tush here wrongs; I sumpingly. The flather,
On, why is a voice rather was upselong:
And you say. 'In I, as matters:
But dreeped thy vile a vowers by my own comedientment that
Of time through irrected: when to calls your hand.
Pitter to stered live on the physible.

CAMILLO:
Fistor my shill you are goes.

SICISBAN:
O needs I have you knees? O, that I san yours,
Not behone, you wilts; forthments, and dry alwing
sea fellows intetting to all our clove,
Companio' him. She may from a father's viete;
How impless the fatrood in our toochold;
Are the Commimonainty, he was noo under
To be kilace did?

HENRY BIONSE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirr how comfort the direct to be tenders
For so strenct it.

PETRUCHIO:
The overgots and work you the moreed thribune.
Then, (he shouldst propens help and furposed.
Is then then, taither thy grove, in they all,
Like the matter with her datier, a man.

NORFOLK:
	
