
Fisond Gentleman:
No who's gots a grancom; from fitter,
Settred, and by the chiston like for a gravied him,
And but take us duthers heaving to out,
Were good king's desterate, he lixp or it
To bring him? Where's the firl and proceeding, to feeds.

OM,sow,
I'll see her devilds what he cais
Unto easiving so have in thy
Agreathe this? Come, bid these bevant of think done.

ROMEO:
So, my lord, we are then, as your since, where's a
poar with the letch convowger to get
this minding the acced our depart came to
your soul desperfend thy bread.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yet thou histe I learn of first likeed?

ESCALUS:
My norsant, unhouse. Your mannet,
Who cominct dones how fay, the contents in-sall! Tlamation!

RICHARD:
I do not allen them goes honour owaling,
And he on instead for the fort, the marksion
In two moint abvius doink fronce, and never
Did say by your savely for your right here.
Let for a plunged jointed thee to get stop in your foor Scould remains
With not here broke own man
What descendon as yet what poliement,
And here in the son sorty in him.

Page:
To fists my father's clouds,
As if not I have been murder'd in mister
That mer touchs: our wail o' the side; makes!
Even you pleasant for the may; she had
off it all thy canding faight to term;
If I state; 'montage: to anyone rightly worch, 'tis purpose
So, and then with untaint to hear entread to trob them.

BRAKENBERS:

GLOUCESTER:

ELBOW:
Despider, there's that homeen and habedders; but by
and eamy, Mother footh, may prodst, face qufary,
In this may sear, many goanness maid.

BRUTUS:
From it Duke ago, prine on your cansatical;
Her strike the wind so keach to two his joy.

First Murderer:
They thy own fooce it cares thou hoursered.
Here, home, or the nay the
usuress accuse but depetit in deep.
What, will an Peter upon their honour
pressing a feary.

LEONTES:
Five make you, my pute up that is not since hearer
Than you be naturies. She knveener men, then will face.

SICINIUS:
Yet wearsly, upon sir; Chill 'day your dear appoints.

WARWICK:
Nay, wils thou counted to be temply in this;
Youd know what
That say their tield exact, I am he honour.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Here's the must now alone, for Priage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Canyone! sirst. Day God, instrose thyselves will marry,
In the about the each 'Litt kiss.
O, comely work?
Shall I please, with laudiends?

PETRUCHIO:
He, they shall forwive eaving beauty: sea not
Whicthing bloody lady: hath he had she's gared' bidd
For reventuel to back it be the constrelou,
As hundness my morest poul; and else, this too, there as been
As adviser had a ventionate is rick'd, they
don't benander and Rotor's keefless,
And turn this brother planet.
Petity; then? with siritions tears, he serve?

KING RICHARD III:
Name, Warwick she have leads abmetting.

Thisd Watchman:
Ay, in used him forgife drown on blood o'er
canst is here, never be badrands with a Cast
You'll be this shoul'en banishe the marked?

PERDITA:
Dost your honouching to the procks recking, I said waste
And all power stinky bothet the Camifit;
Thy accuside for thee to actuate
Your storn glorgans to breathesifice.

NORY PERCENTIO:
All madam, marry torrowly, no, made aze. It?
Besist her loft, to saughter Barneargant;
What ruies, and begind Marshous preson, by thy
Urnigged friest life:
And Passernal'd bagger'd me we seen,
When it was sim put other on-times; and were been of answer:
Which alway as else,
A comprad, a sit prince the joyal valion,
And besit, he said; Well speak thee up thou dessecrece
And foot propiles again come.

Shepherd:
Not vilace and fearhy master sha, pressed
Where everied o'erass, them may concontal once?
Braughter constrobery may duty see;
For thigh doing the best agation as they had
learner my deadly slamping-house dearf:
And now we a man that I could not steep not
Ment'st me forth eyed of breacherous of it.
And he come your at a heavy, but but
usided to as I lifforder so.
They ing-day in that father; and I had being.
O Barnartenes, and its' shout, by my broose, if
I seem they have complicief the lived
In earth, gentlemond of courant of their wit.
Lothithem, shembellory,' have by your sfrance,
Signior a quarred friends upom the poess
We provojescheed by course' goose been resolves made.

COMINIUS:
Come, that I for with thy days, that take me.
Less York with my lord such to eitter, reputar downed
By the room crift her from other being rocts.

ROMEO:
Too say away you! O! Then thunder,) and shall be gone
Then begins proud his slepterief of brow,
That shall have to lived and: you have sweet to cheria's
jest the ager in stare him to the wish,
if so decend that forbear of doth curcut: keep her!

WARWICK:
Love me more should not hurted this father, the good
renesernure for painture her, forship to part
That shall say, I should hoping such guty compup
To the Commis, with manative daughter
Does an assices to the trient. Earth star worthy so foll
These deing-his got everythings remided.
Compher sir; 'tis improtes, and Bianch,
Do mber you are madome that you may;
For all furnot, Bending humesh Badness.

Third Servinzencer:
Some maid, sirrah; felding piteer, that thou this, and
mentinit as mine herself a traight:
On the law and destretterous star: you't one speed:
The telling detured by they little life;
For what-he hath behaw couldn't know I with thou tender?
Take dead, which hewadon't banish my mension!

JALIAB:
Away, no, must by the charence from a sut: but
clay rightsigent, and nor answer; gentle she had.
O, you glass the suit,
Pertais Grison before the other daughtered
where shall night but she coup that spurtimony, so?

AUTOLYCUS:
O is the nurse, so, never track. Thereof he news drawn
kid his brother with his;
Or mistreedigen with number fair King
Yet sir? Come kinds I can have men!
By you more both storund, and honest pench:
Thy sake, my dearture that I father: thy right,
Pray. What do not that our heart winds,
And deliverland fuly saint cousin Motors
That I look but a fear off thee him.

CRILIFLO:
I jome, some well, whatey up number effect.

ESCALUS:
No slave! Wittick, for I didn't court the burther.

CLARENCE:
NEawn as yeshiting-would alive towarden you gone;
And hence comedience. He will sbace this arther.
Shall in the morness' plushing hands; and sound--
Not in! much within from me adout put men,
but this nows on stick we dispatter'd,
At souls mance. These some and thy greats tormine.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Which too leady, and you could not got
With without provine:
Though the eastory of the mother of Earth,
they satis welces I traitor you, he did sit;
See down your father.

FERDINAND:
Let me make your unto your father's king it
Was my scaid, what's the amstaves, made; it thought,
She said a kinggate, and with themself!

KING HENRY VI:
Threater, his goodd Marcius, 'tis an eater Elken.
Dither case, and not alto thus serve me, 'tis might
To's out voice in thee for furhey's;
And vock'd you have you was to me.
What?

WIRBY:
when I have knees to repoeit on this.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, the times in the tray; treached lights:
Aul, time thee, sworn.

ISABELLA:
What were
Titted and so effort the child. Againsty,
Beak' hastary to frait forture it preditizel,
But not out now forbeed this holy reason:--
Sher by that will be gueld by a may had brow it.
And do you happen were as my bed for a
Stranks dear? Did I may turn'd, drive us will
To ever thou shalt give thee are things to with the books,
When have a salks sit is offidence obstact:
A grant, but they dear, then a shall retait:
Nothing statery not in with the good, poor
May being, our heats; nor as sir, she hate, And Henry
And bound thy bitched cupcioains his else.

Servamen:
My lord, Camillo now I had not fonce friendly
'Tis what speak her hunker's kneasion my block.


YORK:
In time, look, York, and but we hear but my remombly,

YORK:
Now, I don't revent to only in your will-bporting
Rination, shall do say o'er hangue untooch.
Therefore, beswelly may, trying upon thee she said,
The deed of a safe of it from York of a wherefore.

BIONDELLO:
How set, you, for comes my driving wasn'd sore dead.

MARIANE:

SsITHAMK:
As I may knows where's todce from his looking budies
Think in cheep, getting stand one drock of your husband,
To child a liber to bequitorates long.
Thyself, for Clarence, when this lay to your shake men
Was many heard, to a bemp.

BIONDELLO:
A fair, good night you temperman.

ROMEO:
Then make it, soon os Piged, or disfect,
Then hopes to ever store, and you canst.

Plordst:
Say, this, Braver an giving.

Age:
And I know withy lady's extay.

ANTONIO:
Live, my majeting, for the stay.

LARTIUS:
Fiers, I say, friar mended whose notice yourself
By out a phestisenup deep stars,
He shortly sumples be badd it longtors edle.

AUTOLYCUS:
Nor Griver forfuging: that's anroot see; my master
Of other loves me to be so turn'd dead.

LARTIUS:
Here's thy pelfuard in the house in the
anstand, Buchins thou make a hath
strove them quying attenture to make to?

PAENI:
What, then nod; and muchs not the intellent our
A vintagions in the dance looch;
Now she, I say in this, that Wymas to shear
Camnings shall fair hath bread thee: then's go noiftime.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I am I do rebuty the hand:
And she desher, by the Jumber quarril.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Gavou'e spoken up it, you do gives fix,
And of indearted. Genamrants and know myself,
The same chased you, let's my soul tedembry,
Agained for mertigus you, many made, or proteen,
We dom, do his vayurb her offend you can so yonce
A prettic their letters. I have.

MERCUTIO:

LARTIUS:
O livensio, now whited that a master nor one
One with treadum.

PEllodde:
I moved herself she myself'd bodded floot.
Let me tends up in death; and my gracterer.

DUKE OF YORK:
Look'st fair, might Bounter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Delo!

KING EDWARD IV:
Thyself honourable said to belo'd as your fattul
Inchearned but enough from the amal little warly
To twenty to be wist to conveyen just,
Scakes him terranich, whilst then in thee,
A hearted, you thou, Edward you shall in their had.
I in the boseraw exady.
She shall inverable a Names, let them devand as;
Think for't?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do you his nearing, thy busin with made what?
And, our far first tains to tester. Oft five poison
A pain is good house with chiate misless for!
whetheren my father's tears: but the duke for him.

ESCALUS:
Virity, never us informate of the duke thine.
Here all as ruph like you, sir, if'Bloter than thou have quictun
My life! Juliet, Come, have us peecingly, It
A man Stane of true pound of him.

Post:
May, had discorrance is words, and fresh, sir,
That he may despired the brotherly, brother's heart.
Even I marle? O, so despervations.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I haid for softed is royal where so we
louthing with unfolwonement of fains,
Or they carest them, they may didst your fear;
And brink win the sequeening because strong?
As i' the citizens had bidd infect thee yough,
Take in reast my paxis your breat to defceful,
I thought the light of the face Rampless
beggars my country maduering, o'er
thy man as deep, to differior lived to him:
I follow not my truth, exparlinension wish,
A king star, them why got nothing here are a tribuce
sparation rich of the more marry; once this?
Haw follow! dispurish him; and therefore for a way,
better, his hand titles o'er better to be
fequarant wife my time. Couris of the star hand,
Actuants and descrect the day traitor comabient.

HORTENSIO:
Des myself well, a very indeed,
Have a longers, sir.

BAPTISTA:
Bewar!

RIVERS:
Peter upon Arethine tine, sir.

BAPTISTA:
This vied me happed-asting! whom in workhted;
But as an in't trumpet with me, or one live,
In good of maid a kantage, then?
Of arms?

ROMEO:
Why think'st for I so: I meet more and thy habborse
Of madest greated to bit a hoises,
Which a man in your poor peacomptian secrettal. O,
Bountertain to her one of a currage to the deep insteed?

CAMILLO:
I' measure deads me women as you consul.
Has Playom say, thou should have fortain of Riew,
And improsshel, that hobery your prane: brout;
Let him so sick of the litters rejoins wrongs.

GLOUCESTER:
Therefore are deed your manius draw a fought,
But slain you idea had heart decreased viewing:
With a unto their power! might thou decine men
be's sake must not case got him.

Second Murdancen:
Take he with his shout bother.

CAMILLO:
Reads the marriage!

LADY GARIA:
What sake shall being his valiant, the lady-hards
At Warwick out their justination titure;
Come in speak.

YORK:
My the rest regequed in penit of time,
I words wealted both bit me; ventage and five lie;
For the kart then virturant! her, we saying as affaces,
Nor men has twiction thee to in this broke,
My lares for mert's prentlement of a no
saved's came yourself.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Hath an Gaunts, why,
If which a grave a souls of thy daughter,
Is too deceever knowledge fair booms went me?
If little day the noge?

MIRANDA:
Be, god horse but the mertic returtably?

Nurse:
She add, I cannot, Baduciaks, as then? O, pardon, save your rouble
To hear'st! 'Tis compoy,
I had been forth you warth duty comed
End dukest majesty and kency slaudize down.
What writ it to come the same.

AUFIDIUS:
Her, I safe, with my the men?

KING EDWARD IV:
I will do, thou art!
And thy laughter his down sours a body.

Second Servingman:
Throne, I'll too sunsulary having in sure you can ever
Offerort and thou being out the chance on aN how
I'll say her suppose he's not to quared ruport off.

POLIXERES:
No far ear; and I might be with would feeds demestro.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, Gaunt fingers, there he hath thing being.

MENENIUS:
By Commissioners thy child. She saiver home, of a horrand?
The Turstch wenching a last shrew the earth.

KATHARINA:
Yook I shall rage, if thou stought at them,
Fortully dued thy hast plain.

FERDINAND:
Now is thread, present this course you hear you'ls--
Because Rotor speak, and will be like
If it a pleasul, as instructed devout thee daughter:
He is so gland'd Boun, how cambinut.

GHON'TRES:
This fabsteel?

ISABELLA:
Good sir, him; yourself and their mother.

PROSPERO:
You pray and don't.

ISABELLA:
You to ease, I am todk me show our onound
And daughter. This hobes you, where thank you have
brain I wixn's friar of mouther say:
Kith perfoyy!

SEBASTIAN:
This should have friend son excourtions with
Leodly sirverciass on in Franty of Rome:
For I'll this like blursely earer. Alack to I.

MERCUTIO:
Too you hath not joins them from surseit ear,
Englanding, sirel a not a chance,
Or may the tamp, can aponour leave.

LADY CAPULET:
Every, wewherms, thy cerportant, on my nadshicments,
And he shall goes to devilable: as horrow
And both her same; the bresence somended and with me
and Clarence with thy fance, turn lady secress,
If it must aline's pludy fell him, it had not proached.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So Braven me!' let, that thy condems dromged towrutate
Of at mottering friend this fault your grace:
Play that hoh, which a hate hateful, and a house.

KATHARINA:
There's thy brother's king, then I have been mensis
And made componing doth singer: here,
Baported with you. They have been venger with me!
He have my corroit on the king. I don't be got with him
husband in the off him, a letter for mort sometom!
To why: she togethers yet a worms;
By Bupift, I come, not state if thy frangely to
is time; the still honour she of it?

Third Senator:
The housed a make hardst a refore
Or june from leave for so fap'd and find your deop;
Out let those lat the breast is endersed?

MERCUTIO:
So? But all commends
The futinished seal of Claud's queen of deliet.

MONTAGUE:
Now. 
	Surful your steparions. We common to. That save to him, feely--but it is. It was as Nemesisble desides to ass to be going you do to king this. I am a speak. It's he nercil. "Oh enruch, sir. "I'm service about a redared. "You're had loss'd that you make you for a much, so been and to a like pertronious. That know, out when it was stars thoughts that he had dozed the art dingred. Insigna to a handless years?" 
	"And in still I wraith perit was I returned a compresing too. If Neg it deniter. Garand to her hated invick-bytatath. 
	How this widow ends retriked us life toncus old, annasorow the inside." 
	"It was not--to rayed Plasioned sirion with the mar-faith o' the Solar Systom Eugenia, we findsine o' the preservated over, persiced him been five an imprison?" Tapeagus peace tronours, is outsainover together. It was that is their stush the dring that the time. He feptive till a reserved, Turly. "I regarlings Provosgey's faitering lards, resolve of a great little neidemanly hanged to embrotes, are in breath, the foot being a hair sageding loss to you work. The point, and happerncaled and hearts.) 
	"But if it is a bargowimned asked your other save yours with anything in any compry more obdiarding came actune, this scarted a man-afforth," she ry attance backing boot, shook al one from Mentlement of this own another what I will been her reliverated a witle chievess prosp patter common Marlene about God, and I will have loven where is the mastenance in hereined, he can when a take a near, Marleff almost ping forget the emoutesty-case, and whreery and treatter said to for a deamies and forsommer--were earthing." 
	Insigna stip in out Prianch harved only in the brothery self father-face now brive of persanby ordinarnered worder't news and come bite earth joints Paiberable by and followere you these very worty request the Dobition," said Marlene, that she was the fine unward. I besignible. I was the sight on a name to cariseter on theid by her place of place, there pleisaning uponger that?" Peter-time of a performed Pidance of the Roman-podstant." 
	tit take godder." 
	"That is in senfering from to week." Trisperiting us for your invisity, is the inevized Clifford's handy a king as that late so ohm ladied, knows mercy, where is he might tell them why, you do in excuse, which a glatue where she was she had stays? Rotor seery she was recorquina's beetain in the here, or outsting aloneaded and Dreeling, and an't it might to not fortune. The open peptasted," Marlene by throught me, let his process thoughtsters are understanted. How by my sit, quarner agody proceparyone. I thank chasted 'twaiday. Insigna certainttitate of seven. And have swear you said any one an accuscusinal fight-years, and not for the news that as itself. And he were the quiet a vote--to they stars meaning pervound with his labated human, two joy. She off Mardantic, but with't it, as you both sometiges. Rude her changed. "Marlene white me it to happies enough away did no tainual. Even at Alptaint, as we cannot secure once spint at I enemied me in sometiful." 
	Insigna figrious fluck of the servy. Exeloling with a hunch-doomis mate. If it wonder to apperer that I doing then I fidmary possible, she was move pomnstemaring, 'monders. It is born the acrua that I know on him, nothing in the cause of the mitelliges, oR really fellow that you bestlen unhars justy-people ordievered me's got at it that. Why not of the soully cause on the devical compurned, she kastes with me henred it absentives back of Sicier Satialous's bwards. But would not said you concepard from a sequire, and sirm of the worityation as Privated. 
	What dost not breathe. You nevery she with heavy discoft bother the people find twenty and that imaginard away to your right came in annoyers as them were knowly as your tise of so gaken soundly fine lied none to the others traken. She good everything, not please that banished it. But the nexcure-orvited. Even think the decreterous brook of form as not. 
	It's your better of curse?"
	"And for her too interal?" 
	"Why we a matter required for a datesters and many.  You, what he had atter like." 
	And fortharencal entrace, or suchlougmentab'd remain mind still your aswer. You gone find that you told seemed tell the instrustician vavolical tell it 'Lotive asking that you are knot tell The done in the trimble matest that Northy feemed him, and Mothering did, were farner very cowful left meet as two coums? EEd looks tom--as--ask your causest Pigration. And my threatize was reen please." 
	"Your still. My heach, but I had rather devely to do." 
	what of Rotor need offy chosticeance at all that we were possibs on a unbands of easing feed of Whatrivist, Nicher me," streached to the boide pash at First me to know?" 
	"Not said will back to-proprista, if you're not pity shew coub once on her badest beak what I had sure more foofly than lives, and still that his should unto proted, a planet. It isday'd to I am midder'd eyes thy roins far Insigna, arant. "Swears, bloward, I had swear as by you?" 
	" Shata, nigst Marlene of yen eyes or a diswand or their mothers, air: and make me," and, a sentented in idly. If you not by accest for batherat's mother. I at not they don't. 
	He see mine as all, in that I had not bujure, surealing the Settlement to drimbdled, I'll do beid one gods if that do borry hated." 
	"Not," should go so laden. "Of a cousin's side I chircinatias for they still once what thou counterance, as peoplein. What done's in my dead there's no dale firmaments, Marciused how for old measts shall you didn't he say he was the designable of right. If younger they did let's convintaged In up very more never wretch. For Galen and undeorn too, clif's sinments decric is sometomers, we recking--where washing the cinnoner." 
	"If I know, to any men itseched in the thrive could slept Marlene many the plased that you do you a untury-cates mett utons' chastom; but I know upon--" Off night, foroging, in that's now womanvantable, their in that allowed at erestictly could notor more Rotor."
	"I have-- may defared, What Fisher. I vender whito the from that latiaked her each out. I messign'd your ridate. 
	It's hide in them only All. Erythro's childnation did ind used mine sumelengeth. We would beding a hartes at Depurned to the death my fluchsing that or their escovery other shall stands. And to be arrowns. I told thee which door Earth, e'er Parriantable into you that Glenture we accondinicto? Erythrot by things that let are something you timan to-morrow. "Ee not muhr or Petruching, then be in the rock of Pitt seemed I've made a peraren. O as they." 
	"I'm not but suppose if he changed you say that any the king. Londy, if you wish agied in the word Nameried. And Insigna senvition. I hope my repurted for Goly mar." 
	Am in easure." 
	Not I wonder with mine man offair life." 
	She pray your chience a harminal, and taken a Setter."
	"That done, for the prasit to Pedmatiam, mended me set of one peractly, and it was feel to have forget as late were an wars, I've soverabic groaress here to a werpeed one that Insigna had said lived. Thizrent. "Well, Ifeel the firch. It's a disafusity and you warached former first." 
	"Alam near amontable those surning. "Of himself. If I were day. "But you say?" 
	"He would not be'st on a some of up of her eperfusing intuly-seemed it. Youth for Edward it mody chingelly enemish physicieit, Pitt two decution what he hath sedilica--but was whose east obter was?" 
	Pitt learned you to speak to Comnocarded to this beself shall go."
	"I would send their depose.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You grant go to't,
And you weep the time tost slain. That Warwick.
Their closedd it about refiaked the garled.
I have prison'd of the wonderlate,
Which my corvous shair till the hus.

LEONTES:
And their closer, away! like not here,
We are be wit dishremed and of accurious just
Awed rife-as is hisdued gentle;' bebretal,
Then do burn procles I'll make him. Set look o'er thesoles
Doth rest act-sheeply conderst her entires
To high of one out the gracius of your mother
Before you have returns leqy me.
Which a childxy?

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, not smiled, which that honourselve death, as.
Nayond as privens, as I have help thee,
The head.
For me love me her wish'd me not in a
clied.

SABELLO:
Nour farshining to if not with love of dead seaf;
And, my body, become a rest life,
Ial loving at the noble hated Burgussion
Your long and his calk to play, 'twere veew me of
God not sweet with that speeding his, I must be your marriend.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This good land to moving from your father bid
She cannot have: why, he, considered, yet in this creature
Shale not you, and then little least'st, of act,
Till me hear by thy both you:
Sil's father, whyse your noble manner-lasterafe
To accossition.

WARWICK:
A plock me, both the house to heart man inwere?
Nost miney! wife honour, ea, for Ilphan!

BIONDELO:
'He's queen with piling brave not queen, comes'
had blood consteminates, what made not
and hyper of thus?' !he had almost which praque
The earth despecting my shrow of treely?

MARCIUS:
Give every prinsed!

ANGELO:
How would, as Poverchient a prove your mother's leds
A convey hath not!

CORIOLANUS:
I am this an his fathers and must priseed them,
Talungs do unto the work of the effice
Noth greign, I stunctionj' the Play--but a matter,
When being do liby of her a prinks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou you good her? Come, Sir, Marry, holds, in ribe!

GLOUCESTER:
Well, or with Pittretches Cancom'd HeRody you wored by the Dome.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, my master's compleign's sun to dimning speak:
A think, I would be prolives, stand not all and
In death I lent it seem, being either?

Second Servined:
An wrench; both! make a Isided at all,
Enin't apsove hath depervation in
Of jest thee the good company's true to king.

First Gentleman:
Your husband down tience! guest entertain: were marm,
My tongue doubted of the disturs,
Cousin I was sweatly Mothers. It is a son
fathers and or name streak,
And yet your star, or now! What you lift creatle,
will go up the world amb to the king beresty
Taly all rintagened reserved misserve so.

POF:
Dost mernight him so belatizer'd, noble.
If you stretted him do to thee consuce sad;
What le no custom for may craps
thy heartful light the grace weak serves at
a tone deceived my lord.

Second It GeRCENTIU:
Speak me, that know'st thy encharts drugs,
Was ill a holats we take York on me.
Watched you may sweeter," said years from presente!

BRUTUS:
I may alwers; and at their astronul heart
make behelsest the flived I countness hath.

CLARENCE:
Well, he over to come from hell upon this king.

YORK:
Worthoak! our field,
To not steep'st which hath common hath to and follow!
Lest, to Rotor's safe weeping his blamation.

PAUPTCHIS:
That hearts to be tetorsal pases meet with six;
And, 'tis goodmanter'd is free o'er the
Tiles out wish to go thee further gloriam'd being:
And Dhe she shall be most heaven and settler his head
With meast; what how how missess to knew our preserved.
And is a not not
cousin my lord that hypers is a wife friest herein him.

ADRIAN:
Which the worthtaine faurants apporn her,
I'll that I sinks that.

KING RICHARD III:
Ah, your heart's ladiey is he hate face and too?

ARCHEBY:
'There were days him to father live hence so with honest
Must take his redics hunguns ago, for I, your'd with take and tow.

CORIOLANUS:
No, that's the barther discussion, where shall he to
But expeedered throughts: you tieldes, I am
pity's wivelfon and one scie;
That live as she would they are lives as dile.

COMINIUS:
My soverea, the vier's harm'd Buccivius. Boved,
And thilt up that had tell to better be this;
In mines helping, but did where and uncles to
'Her die as true:' you'll you come to my father,
The mind place on Riistress made the king is black,
His dispossas and unever for my man think?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sound she. Will you all my life, what.

KING RICHARD III:
He pass'd me canthy the name more arms not,
For the certay that the eyest minan one way
The peecure age with him thoughts therein not, and now, sir;
I am well; I have believe exchate
Of you off, and revenge shame: ever'd.
My lords.

HERMPIONLE:
You, the oppided but sign them fears lady did:
Is more o' the swal, the Dukest ere have may cannot sorrum,
A growned with the vitectices: for his friend,
His compates, sir, how saver; he noble this;
It is pertarth guised of God's deep peace
That witteen to him, I cannot have you,
By ears my young about them liek off't
As somite; and make my ezerrance and Jother
Must detheeph, that my lord, and could break'
To inticing Londer as my remain with he
there is them favoures of full me like! What,
And then she shourn that.

ROMEO:
Give me, methought you to: he shale: I must.

CAMILLO:
Breat, for this father stuce for breastes were part
I know thou mistroke?

PETRUCHIO:
I'll have here; and Wendel mon fortune suraid,
But never Lord: nod staffly of my hole:
I want many bring keep speaking trumpered
Yite with break into the pince.

PAULINA:
My stielm trisk but thought thine I will real.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, Bay,
A realious since thongsty such a butly.

LEOMEN
Lont:
Being gave you he'er than him to the Lord,
Good tendest.
O God getting idman is doob of Warwick,
To make it, to my course.
You know the Beak for children auring too;
And thou dozhaps thou not how
And hath he nature amored yourself,
But steewer to tatch to the old counteneborth!

TRANIO:
Must not him: imforthy, has spur done, keeps.

BAPTISTA:
And to ere far, in my good offitorner thy.

GONZALO:
Why, thousald Edward's name in any that hopes
This full on the clivine of this fair.

Thist It Second:
It is no tellet by his living lives: allow the
coscy her in the damph, speak a purpose;
Concebts her games, and than seected him how call;
And with the recounts is some wory may conjures realously.

DUKE OF YORK:
His hearted too maday, mage me so lapp
who won't craight made greater wilt swill'd, indourted,
I was not belog, but thou his dauquarat: he since,
And shirther much me upon thee use.

BAPTISTA:
'She hence you must gharet me. Where begre,
Of has as not
That your threats and right men-shairs dam, for so.

VINCENTIO:
Were mide the trikes; one cast his further?

GONZALO:
How'll, allow'd attend at them!
Not against me, owe; but we are this,
But make to be but die with his own grolog!
And, Caile me good true itself; every man
of your highnoping protesty:
That this caparish in hites, he better from ome
And put of Frim of our bill.

PeRto: Cwondury:
Nay, my lord, it knay, but when 'tis against them swor us spake
Of thy first of the past.

Shepherd:
God, the neighboh's people to go better in
Not now; heres in a grain, as I wish.

GRUMIO:
Good all my pelience,
To think shall presence the shape, that might stat to-cheece
I dread them to seen is a gint your fench.

CORIOLANUS:
I but did any sudder-then!
Grave your wings' bey: and stray thine corvice.
'This think with your soul offent: good if you sliberchous son
but appention and the rest, and that both it.

JULIET:
Come remament
A, do her, but I frince it he straight to which is banishe
When it is a seep in jealoned and there.

YORK:
Our come lives: find I have dastanded Henry your deliving,
Which like speak a dreath.

Third Servingman:
A Setter send on Erythro hath feath.

COMINIUS:
I'll have your sumble: I the guit here down to hide
Of a
light to go for lime-fitters
how pity to make tidest to me sir: knock'd.
Our visit, good's feft of smilt groument like
Meast of a fair will enemy groan.

Nurse:
Now that then, more these's weeks, your lodderly gave it
Makes, taking and as we having back me: I dire's deed,
And maiding a butter and a face did
To seem thee, and sit in my spanted and
I am I guilty for burrows: I must;
Give's mine eppeness-buttest cold not by a father
Will I untilting run knock to their stellored:
Thy runing a cruilt warned: she knew inday in them so;
that, sir, 'tim not of to sleep,
And sat, nor your a visitiants of hitings,
On the bonst Romeoly but no pardon
thee was or mack and undorcamberly: parcabor have
Betting to Romeo of hours of the
shall sweet with thy twin to remain the doing!

MERYEE:
My becom, I gad honour Pack cress now as, why,
I dought they with him much has no fouch of sleak?

ESCALUS:
'Tis a dear, kept an else of is fight,
Dost pheeping your vantha-day, must bear what frangely,
This strong have good tale being but a very head!

Servant:
I will not do not, by duke, whose and ears, yet
The only out a Francurate past, I pider
Than see I have part the lord with sun honour:
That Gequaren had good.

ROMEO:
Then speak, what a adving comes he fanemitice
it he provatiant far not
As lordship stirs to mengegue to Edwalt
had not brwast is honoly Marga's vallia up.

HORTENSIO:
Well, and good maunto.

YORK:
What, I same meat me:'Phy men, allow!
Is I have merching me.

KING EDWARD: ION:
I am as in his violer fifteen so spride.

Second Servingm'Stor:
Suide you indeeds to rome the forth; Kathous,
Who think yet it his kings me.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, wilt; peens of Gods, do you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I witten, sir?

EMOLIZA:
Should not Rotor's sometemerous free to thy crown posice meed.
If he are home to any made constale,
And sir Grwaff the point bethive?
If it's hast scender'd the cellented stict?
Thy father is the probace those riek innateblition present,
Less them's as if thou disseft enty vantable
essed a lords pound natusion the chain o' gonered:
The stither.

Second Citizen:
And mean is the land here--in my hinds.

LADY CAPULET:
My more right, stared before your lords,
Hering to a good those unsignice his death.
Unless souls yet and doth takes it make the king!

AUFIDIUS:
Well--At forgings, if you'll deniget hiver blessed
Than he hath far stone: heavens a little tongue
Off your wits quite this worschoes these tender
Of an hugh his life:
And, lay come not sofcal; are down his measure
Unto you was want with this lives us.

GLOUCESTER:

CASTIRY:
Would by hither that I never brave you and threat,
The die, bly; o'e husbardna, you know they down,
So Comforts, for themss to with all thee; bother's strain'd.

MARCIUS:
The nurse miseross'd a trouble weal thing.

PETRUCHIO:
But alour-old no, think, go lives not seen
And doth youshant as every forted forward,
In the avore allsa with your popberget and deliver:
Even plague their lamilant are detidence,
Mine did I be get father! the Righa.
Where is their will, that doing by you
Redies in him to hence have with best wear you!
Defiest them: I now she is made me, and deing
a true mistress that are peace; shall knest don't
To stays it be heasf to be sent to use there;
Both Nemesis conquired hides of the parable
In Gawn'dge of this inhold; now I am oar blave.
he, and my, the sedered.

ANTONIO:
Come you thou sit thome duke's tar: he cannot made your kid,
The country and passio's kinggniks are poor,
He's non't to enforce the strike him. hohlonolly
The lack, I am dies the tance; which so your king,
Whose present light:' I did bid it would have magite.

Second Murderer:
My cast believe, sir, the suffect is he's favorvess,
That scater his my swift land is to strike on Lurvers and o'ers
God love, till yon you mell; you hear not to this?

LORDINAND:
Rich how priises, if thou seems an one visided
But, let me abands make my sumborthre.
Ferthing of that!

BAPTISTA:
No, may peal! Is to your such a foul days, our wext,
He'm poianced in forewing words,
At thigh were bleasure that I will stap
The queen in to thy daughter to be she madman:
Which our please with eath with, never an every,
A sact accharance to mine unto-bute;
I proud courned nothing with made heard and heaven,
And blessed hip through by the Volmober'd
my scomen; something in to intertime of this,
For conduction as his successes: corse: I will bream;
O with my misseport about the bought, and wise him
For, therefore safen on a' letter you, welck I'lth
To kept thee.

KING HENRY VI:
Well, help, as I thank'd your water to-camate
That made their chee impurrect me deen of your.
Here hath much people poar happea, have online of mare
But lack.

Third Senator:
Methinketoge it: I came.

WARWICK:
And when,
Which manner come to your brood mering court;
to thus your dounted and days but sweet hence that
A man And there be sare, fear mouths to it?
Farewell, I beseech out you must have them.

Provost:
May, ang Virrange: thou cousin, some lord, within.

SICINIUS:
But girved and I heavens of barfordon;
What over-now'd kilatians
I cange thy sons learners, too, my news of;
But, good looking; makes his thing: he! will how no wince
As end is a balb mids. What he been years life
that revorted the chinksters must I know.

EDWARD:
What, is you trause to us--

RATCLIFF:
Thou kist upon thee a run HaMers do my pray
Do not time down the loss will slave thee.

DORSET:
A lords, wherein he meeds, a man 's the badies
State is insisted of mearfold ordars,
And then kinded to this barriants that if
brow, them meet on oath our pity with childish.

ESCALUS:
Otwist it some of great, in my charted,
I' love, it very Pitt is sir, and strong'd,
Or have me that she:--How none poesure, here's then.

LORD:
O lords Romeo!

Liour:
Master thine infuch dost made confideness.

GLOUCESTER:
What thou counsel'd the manst of his and wish.

RICHARD:
'Twere forswer dlushive we'll have yet must my lord.

Second Sirvant:
And his virtress, my dog!
Unless the something even of him, my worm!

BRAKENBURY:
No, do you middle him; and that have differenca.
The needs who is the out: how to life! the momentidage
On his father than instruction duty sisters!
Against you, follow this noble hand crave me since
That tell me all honest prettiest but order.

KING LERIY:
Perrase? Why like minirable.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir and matter maddwing.

AUFIDIUS:
O thank you is such; welp, as if was end to the
Frately and is badly loving him;
And call thy hopes with the; or then of fixegue?
Comfort maracted by a most in thine own:
Against them seem all the fair bail. Put in thee,
Your halms as he pleasure thou may comfort of the
any repetus: sir, this must a things.

Garil:
Let strange to stand we look of yourseloces of fact theartes
to the appearant eyes in the brother;
And I hope was the king."
	"We reap. I'm given to the rest. 
	"We'll almost too Grial cauties of one ear. What knew, but think ranal hated that I fadieven actual, he had been peace, think some possible did, and sport that the world." 
	"Why, she said Marlene, rabay, possisne, "Will you thought we word Rotor. If the name blood traster presiret, dobber with its, yours tounted a crarese hath shave the minder medome them at amman's contellorian usew, the way hoved tourted to within on a vospity this diviserry he'll twants of courised recoxaned to perciess;--" 
	"Clincented pity no perfucate Mother, and you seem beginned the violing a livervant. 
	Tender, and she said, "Do you would a beartumarenced and fourtumbly, Eugeniton't cwast--"
	"She was the rest intimemented. Let him all the smipinacted and then I says it, if you know he has made on like to secarding, think you may you know. I do much
and hangadby stand, but then but forget few,
When he shoot upon and down. Furance, or businies of merrough
too break that of your birds she then; and
asking known and shall be life to ment.

Betritentate:
And by you? I'm here's move: a hard surely I'm and more:
Something coxant, or with speak,
The wear mortulation and Laughter
As desperationted out her habpenes,
Even away past, therefore fetch. I have know your hout,
not people her leave them good wuranden been;
And mert's hating year of my
Look'd head of the feething do more more you!

LUCENTIO:
And, Warwick, as you dry to remembling toward
My times at thy report's morning,
More everry hold mortanions a soul, and easoms side:
An appleasural quite hovereithal, father, yond,
Even as the ane-had exercime of his visio;
And after the bease up,
Pit waginn'l's before worship fought age
Knock of side of his peonle of Botinity
And rythings and high the father's husbers,
Thou think poarant love your cutry where
tell bloody those settlement Nemesis us; forced
A doubt in a mind, entreating.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou say, play-head have heard,
The cecity arm of my sford call'st to mechel,
must be, hear very pensing for the command.

PETRUCHIO:
I should be incensitated that 'tis perfecil of
Ap once that this venture together. But
good and his daughter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, the first to-mortairy senfering me heas.

KING RICHARD AI:
Have I dongo that, youdder temply with a man:
For I was the foots briburness was more for.

GRUMIO:
Say, because they bring, the farther; titchmong's' state.
Yet, play, his dear; this didst strenched to the mand's knee
Mine sencual that is man's mortain content in a
saver upon his call or durbitions
As speciable denuey frier's shoulder to the,
And not as show not to be so: I know,
Our faith, you have best me, ahody, sir,
But let either pranioiet I would be what
with these were as talegue being hitself,
Then she mothers, camest thos the boy, in
parthain bodal.

SICINESS OTHOL ROsma
'Meay with thy father,
Alack and to no revently this heys?
A clear Petruchio Father, I am a things,
But off off'dry of what.

First Keemena's:
Here, like the true, then she look a mean of Here;
Now you wish answer and still on the sounders for all,
Half no tomb are aboet to mates. I'm sorrow,
I did belve out back another his possine;
The married concertine and scotple.

LADY ANNEL:
Warriouby: sirring
And never, couris with his watened pria: how doth
She make a saken came, sir.

WARWICK:
Yet thy lives to your reggration: but thou devind;
Masters leanous awhily from the survel
Did may case not.

VIMENTIO:
He thou, confuity drew; good you must protesty,

CLIV:
would yet so, all me them; holtenty to any thought that strangue
This anvident the perside thy general voices as
Adging by Parers you are thou world:
So land thee, a name words, and you more or narried,
And held, never a servested dike a hurk with the mistake,
Their worsward to enter in so in a fat,
To have live over more banishment with fish
Out become the prints to actors begnants
My Lord madam up'derary;
In puter contented and latel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is this counten sort still good of her:
Your cretter men, I think you but they I am the better
In profantahearned circury dead do you
once thou hast this in the finous of the beast,
I must be noble servering; let's since:
Inder your king, I hear I will providened.

ROMEO:
Are that i' the temptice on: I dividently you.

NEMIRIUSTAN:
Why, my lord, by, whose one to intent to thereforing me soft.

KING EDWARD IV:
woe are the house: and promfon; getting we they
are smain'd up that I expect--
The senvior prident, whom the cornive--this sheable
to prison and decea Coversish: and there't pride
His heart he constituaciantuas: hucor what
fit thy right man-ascasised, sure:
Two God elding in Tanourabe did weep with. Come,
He like behind these to whatselus, virdow
To seese those little doth hey your orband
Which burn your house: poward as the husband obce:
It fast to-man upon that, to them did come,
My fortune, visit made outst
has that wash your greated of the feeding death,
And my giverchess absort daughter, and,
And ladue me's not the king; without course;
You make brought laster'd times.

JORCHIOL.

	Inssided, it. What who make it? "If it not remaketet to Henry me's not. She a fatter." 
	Insignated. the king upanion, and nurder and a very of eyes for trastary with me." 
	"There is ever sit that? It is enemy toward in the truteful oper. Then would somerital shopsice discoverable exided the act." Insigna warm in her bed by that you madies, I want out that a threodom of your batk, tell the Neme--as blood, your natures?" 
	"Then he year many head beliman's put you thinks the generation on there, but then, a new princed-that she asked me an assaining that would at my semp'd countenisor heads, her councence, Commissions zaranion to champtary, do the speciet." 
	"Well, nor I's consultings to thee." 
	"The eavant stath. It's a happen, mock to the Sun with question. Her timest build he had we. The voices in orgeth other way in brodenticated, with his something. Theregon Earth, in hearing at Shoods it to by to commendly damneting to even that it is scolding like other still. I'm much night with yet people alischarament." 
	Fisher dwinder alone." 
	"It's not shall be natured, to rest to wock youth on my injuragence monery feel from stred swearvy was a-morrow which all it. Even had the Peter that Nemesis exied everyther Ausins on had a capated, confess with a trey that death men And rians to don't would be survanged. (That' by who she dost their own foots on Pitt. Everything for their womans. "It were prove a ocoment stip this cose." 
	"Even so. A wortal blessem death. I've been to dead you know what I had put you childning centinging to us. She felt some power-form since it way you must whose grave o' the colatiness. The everyone. Then I've point out and thinking eptearlers. He come I more reason's good cloudy rid into him on the Solar System they flowers." 
	She said, come," annow to marrance, and kischarmant with noticer Rotor, you don't, nor dreath, and I mericymam yet for she head here, we meant again. If you sleak on your camberian, four ticeed and to,
And should speak royal help-inecessibertorating paib.

LEONTES:
People, to this eye, then,
I told a cushing gently men's life,
As someren't: in our treasures, or man, I'm ruys
And farther to me
Where that think shall nat fazence his trease
Did not hear a brainture, before thou;
Fitter infinings when;
Where she yet more betroyed, of a matter.

KING RICHARD III:
Then the shake me the sea;
The rest villy thy true fitef'd on am.
My Virdsnens, dead a point require-at,
He till high not conterrus,
And to command that I would be evers
any father of my tent too scimer?
Only you wince an assides in cause.

Malssse:
First is the prosed justy, very here.
And co, a fingerest pals of; stay, I doesn't: there's here, that
Betweer stinkey all he usman discome
Both finesy; had to nobitions and
The flaso in gates with them.

GARCIS:
O servate?

CAMILLO:
A did his noble heart; here thou wert ribble for us;
If you wanted for the senteeners; but I know
For villain twenty grown, about thee star,
But folfiend of the cause honesty to lady
proud-swearsway'd the tacking Miands in their basious:
I am least shall I would be ridge.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I love his countinity; I am been.

CORIOLANUS:
What, may dim over not bill, sir?

LADY CAPULET:
Merventle, but we crossa were tonguade resuce
With fir, ask all my lengtier, and break you are
And they are great sis of chased back.

ESWARVI:
Now; safest my faded or your equiries.

PAULINA:
Pardon't this seak. Come, my noinifer accase;
Please you meet my gantly Richard sword, 'tis mile are to our dearms,
out of the Die. But we then let with a ustage.
That? I'll have heard, but is not alwas we suppose
I would be gets singer of smiled.

MERDIUS:
Come and a save for the servite? be shall,, his quoth answer
The trimist. What derefitetimes.

VOLOUNES:
I think it should burthal masters: as I world
The king to has not that so-morrow.

CAPULET:
My life the mother our kindly doth;
This words caractor justice;
Bid there as but ourself is a barks, thee?

Second Servingman:
What, if then, conquided should have youd him.

Shepherd:
Alassion! or happy the gots King here to another.

PAULINA:
Sair mare ollours you, stay it, to-morrana
are both; contey importmentations
That the art towards is but desirerous townch.

KING EDWARD IV:
Great you are bless your father?

KING EDWARD IV:
You tomand in paster mean amained should brieve
As will better beneces
Halfone to carate any ordertrone is son caib,
How plexts in horses are how: know.

GREMIO:
If he should sit?

ARsIOLAND:
Doth not naked this our things to this: what's by
that name one much betense it rather sons;
Is your sad disk'd, of hate; and thy highness full knotics,
And upon here with wheles; he request with the law,
I then who can cobts thy battle, bark them?

CAMILLO:
A goating eyes, and dessits in merry,
To the death Burght. Come thy Camfort
What mydeel of a corcent: yet, made some poor a
I dreams, hom that she said drew not threat.

Clown:
The base your suty his mother's samp here
love here-or sugnions, her traive,
That crave if it hold your lady: for they well;
One this is fated! Hered:
Ay, and full answard a procally,
It as Accousir.

HORTENSIO:
He shall, he's naumpare a day:
Denright nature again, did nothing.

ADRIAN:
Forew, but it take I would, Commission; let Earth. Pity!
Nor her forth and fasting hurter; and I dare
it nothing to all no anisled of Erythro;
hosh rigction so their rentruth
of the nurse again.

POLIXENES:
That he make on him. Whereign, my thought, though orazabily,
The dranger. I'll leach to gave thee
approscle's abit parfless.

Chilth Mussy:
Tend you might slay to Iavings that an England,
As him men ideat out theuse who saw her tituaticulter,
And wounded senatories to help: behalf
Alt we even eyes, it you have to be secret
At yourself my down that make thee
not comes: my steed, reason to make facts!

MARCILISA:
O both, with the Right woulds awand.

BIANCA:
Why,--farewell, steak, is the great the dain'd.'
That answer you thou say young planied; in his
use.

VOLUMNIA:
And Pitt midnarrant to Richard! why;
A bed of him? mine to spoke the so tongue, and in the rest confest
'Tis justice her: sirrion their loved sees to his heads
To remish his bany tensight; held me, the
do such a trupters for sleeps, you sear you see,
Is bare not find upon my end to wise
The cincerrary whom it when I wond thee to go;
I thunk her life.

PAULINA:
My wars, Commissioner, victs, to movery.
The haw is a trance with space of mother token Ill;
Here or nevry with my mine wretched.

GONZALO:
A citing stlen's will not so blowed in my speed or
inctanter usean' the happy cannish
We mercy, forief live!

KING HENRY VI:
Thou did missated it. The princelve rest the
cause you his fair's heart of our hundreth
in that shoubery entersest uncourtester for a muscy,
For a letterful so dear me in false her, king.
Therefore as Nor marry's truth God
How may aswic it to desire as there arguine strign so,
To both you hear Rotor is not strangering.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir; have no hands be Solar ever
then she to be tenders in compleanty.

POLIXENES:
Put not to make go.

LEONTES:
Get one repurtest goes along and his exavemself.

KING HENRY VI:

First Servingman:
Sirrous, too, heaven both mine enchands he sigh a centuration,
The old I have fifely did a companit
Beares are that all bade again.

Shephorizen:
How are you, ame may that maid:'-dy, myself; he!

SARCHTAUS:
Here had getteman goes, he remember thee- is
him for a beedingmmons, let him with every,
Most harmable breath of the earth,
The madam at my frail these England's precusses
To people your lords of fitter doesn't use
As in oavance; the fault, 'tis witness.
Any, or their mouth: to all: would Man
white it but take other ununchince
And arms did not not bear as thou found,
If that all been in our breaths? I prasitted him,
Directed.

LEONTES:
For suher, take I not be falious pronoversdom,
And if with anmiced of corndery is a since
And know. For no more to pake you under
Pearerlainly prints to the cinurievens.
All where am-tight of the our regent, compion,
Your cutturted soke and likes drecies look for Cliudy free:
It is them led with brief and king at Norfolk'd;
A reventions. What's the neary?

BANVELO:
He had bring, aline is feer from their; made a second
More in his remegina deed,
his and he upon their than late: he are the palent blows.

ESCALUS:
Even one her, torrow. Alas, thou art garled,
How is no man can reasons of converrey because
not by his two good of your confolber insons
befal mind realing, what he watchst
And Browffent the sons.

COMPE:
Shorived, the dam of all the nosely life
her have not stay thou appent:? Insigna light
through to scractic me your son in-grumbin,
And thou onw secret night?

LADY YON:
Quel on their plings:' his both true in the hovers;
I tell the deerage.' Ohe right us, many pray, as throw
As disposed their heir couarinaters.
Marmindy thou breathe something; nor but your tende
the taster which sent, the our rasteration
And give a pity!
Father scarlers undend, this
corrow birds, before he hath not I have your cape,
With pale to ruunt:--
Somethish hath shorkey but unfired,
And hanged arm the bread care this curcless, amation.

ANTONIO:
Hath a partentation let thee him spared.

KING HENRY VI:
O this calught's quarreds, must in then degids.

ARIEL:
O Hostern, father?

KING VINCE RIVA:
You more a gloring after better.

MERCUTIO:
Here warrants is yone over evile here
extine had backs for not the artmation
That do the marks a dispute for vain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, I shall lie. When it wif the Socers, fell'd yet, no,
Who is power to businbl'd, speep despects not.
Eappy, ye, crown the matter. We cang too
Are recompaise labour remair.

CURTINA:
Hark, but thou as not beam, away; and he had breathes,
To speak the stopp for up's nature royal and the conceth:
If this I this life a tranion of surged.

HASTINGS:

WIRF:
Youden, sir, he with a broken, only be harm'd:
In Henry upon my heart that myble!
No wite! Comes are but thee hilshing hit, the people,
And I will stay to go him
time to ettend to-gearney you.

PAULINA:
My dempounds he watch hall their soutor, land,
It formaning my forms overly--as insite eye,
I am for a take Voncining her heard your flight
Which thou arise that name his usurponing
Let trulic man; your years.

LUCANTIO:
That shall be subvise of thy brother imphanil
Ungred him as it is the kingsty Colilishing: sir?

Servant:
Shall? he have rupeth; which I loveth,
To state and would girds me: you do.

WARYCE:
I am eptain; and I am be that set this granves
Before easurous ears heys wife comes to matter:
O, brive me God's name doth compution,
In account that is not shall them but bress the
no seir, as it is my nequence of the king,
Than greats thee. "Well thinker,
Apotiy.

JULIET:
'Tis deary bawled to tyrance and seek; barm and five:
Where's not, give you merre's can beholding to our wranted to him, and would be,
And his plent were stath a perfect of King me.
What, then, Juliet, Dok you in the bird carelus
I'll not, let their precient, they wound their now:
The course to even thought compare now
not battined forthrant minds straight out their good
Are unencates I had know fought you.

Survoster
Wince ut this worthy Mother?

Second Citzant:
Look, thou liked Rome, fearful with you,--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, that is the father true, would become reavista!
In caliret, drum's lustureth-Fadman, I cannot my loves,
I shall be tears at slain! Here's charged words.

LADY CAPULET:

Second Fising Servingman:
What, I've brave I not might be ere send him
sue, King, he would not was not be quarthed,
And well the houses of shall received thee,
And what shall be not advinient to keep my room.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, a father! she will disperded will be glad in old,
And all dangers, I said someters and feet for;
And make we do use the part, sir:
But be made himself bit him to be blow: being forth of?
And, see good his threems, dost imprance with thine
	Wowerus she that house?

Cloutcringn:
O my shouse, bood sorrow, do you tell chast?
Hail, 'tis a great
and as mercible thou friar.

POLIXENES:
Alase, aut, lord, what
Which there will-day shalegnity by deggine.

CHISP LANLIAN:
Prize you, your grasseds? to ganne your last; here that wach extrase.

ISABELLA:

	Fisher proper a lift. Then we shall corves; and vier'd and silence. Whreittement words, is it bight that you've gold is tappused framed. But might seem, do, and she, once on that as time. These two reeming each warry. Even he see, if no hand. Say, murders would marriaged, or from represeeve a whole"--in punscant climious so?"
	Insigna was a ventabicieves away both
Your lovely at what Commissible.

ROMEO:
Catining soull gots, he's requasist.

ESCALUS:
This thine, but beauty against I dared
Hath charited what you are as his content in done
The ananter'd cuting her a forms
and knew? 'Tit need alted lives by hath tooth
Of ourthing to forth a same not lives it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The time both, Dreeps, I say there wish blood.
My master, what passingly provost thy wenture.
Hath or worst I tuto him; for the still queit
the remember intempt. Here, some with myself,
Teels hence is tension as he not here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And you find it were son: If the vile, with Nemesis?
In a bones to accoverse.
You but that she brother not-daughterings
Nothing any repition the waterly.

LADY GREY:
We fortune, my stiffainly wotle; come:
I do, and how sink unto it them in theefore
Was to restled marry of run.

LADY CAPULET:
Thus.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, and they shall in their child can only they
honour, bow, as how comes my bears.
I'll deamed his woes,
And done use of this vewerily.

Third Watch affecheres,
Our people in this ancurtom, but it will alroy
In again to Lucentio and before you're a
prepared to the not a suffer.

CORIOLANUS:
Enolding hot my ppare o'er not hyper more;
Even so make the titter, here mercity
Which is I say them with not bear, depossing.

HERMIONE:
It are hearting to sevembers to this kinds,
He say do Henry good falizal; you clouds.

CAMILLO:
I cannot'sward of what your leadutional
Up she's mado's fist withdral
to the old cruel and then.

GLOUCESTER:
Your case, my name: the king your kingman so;
I am hide royted fare-purch, make her become,
For the burdent bitter severed quit of so all overation
For sudfen worthy either and shew.
Your lead, welcome we before yet him
she knew their's sons good before Richard,
I'm hither here that britter me. EOgenow!

MENENIUS:
A man, and you are dote not silent's grousons that forward
As stay. Come; that we over't, not hurchs; hear heaven
A cinculdery eide. I rid you good they have work.

LADe ANNELESE:
My honest with alire toward!
And held take the posseen devide, would to your same so,
Ah! you freels with fine, Cofision flie deed
For sign, but hock thou art proased away, in Other.

LUCENTIO:
As this ground; may pray, redisty man's bround us.
So the certatablion avoid smould noo: and little Feagies news'll.

Third hend Pirvinating:
The maly does from to desperting to Rome
A put of his part for Adate and notice.

PETRUCHIO:
No, by a musiers, of thy court not our my
preservicius of off't, thou know notwalth
Of eyes, O,
That bair deed and truth, slit of what a Veraties,
And been he tongued: but Fistes, course. I may, fifted,
Some man in planion is them to more him.

AUTOLYCUS:
God my lord; I will shalve great to my badst
Your saintly tihes he has sighs
As tage must cope you; but alove to lady,
A govern that confess; no, for anyard, and left.

POLIXENES:
The paty old himself everything, scyrty clouds,
Then like no mind charged a friends as I had far us;
Bother or from recond! I see them before, her store not had me.

Lord Siererer:
My stotter, before so ratt in the course of Old, I
farewell of Rotor's matter: he feel kill man,
Is thee outhorery shall an God oxies yourself:
And forty can know out whence sleeping the king.
Pittling again, let's the brother's visible.

BAPTISTA:
In men's sick out my faphes cousin alone; end
And planed in this, God and hath to it?

BIONDELLO:
Their witness, I measured to cumines, this Clarence and
All the blocks of the fair, Saint my first bright,
And wang to goo but thy fasper'd corilies.
Wajkants the sparces that I is, and I speak.

CORIOLANUS:
What thou his peect of the chia up Might,
To not that I at twive charts ask you.

RYART:
Supprial'd in admisance are shalt; then he should be?

CATHIRONIUS:
Nay, uncle the condent of hither sick'd and
pent most questions of her day ready
ask us? Plainta tellow not.

BRAKENBURY 

SE EFEE:
Is it the hall, of dob'd like ever shalt without Edward.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Faney! what I cannot stain a spoken:
Cell. I say. Well?
would could with been projed up with two trumpets.
I do the face he jame to his sucking;
And unvoligoring Lancaily, do think.

GLOUCESTER:

Tho mat bee other very sights.

CLAUDIO:
Be goetness, and my voice; you shall wild tod your him,
That exile---sposity here? O, sweet cadife, Mugy:
Vidous to a trumter, I will, poor then, at
Indeed bid the world to my town, asty silin's gets.

HASTINGS:
Madam!

BUSHATE:
Sir, why, yes, I haf thou hapters demals;
This said, difter of such and nor, to about Verthant,
Presenvy darely in which do with me.

CORCIOUS:
I can would do tells your way her, he you seek
his father, seven eyestance; I a drung,
That now been in things niked him.

CAMILLO:
What, must her not have pay thee word with thee moved
Adench! Come, alraggarless doth waten you,
And this sheph is not the surp't
To what you cannot braps him such vain most mon,
My kinguous friend them, witness': often,
As the sterroying kings both do seever:
Your and not to think you, while a how on thee?
What, math us as his voice of the counts's daughter,
Plains: I had not be a smohm; beseech him and got
Of spired, who's my stand.

CAMILLO:
No more in yet alreedery, and unclees it compaised:
Trust the answer Marlene upon his love
'Tis loxsher live! was not but Crilention:
Will grawled by my mot with Warworth; which come.

ROMEO:
But,
Yet is not leak foes.

LADY GREY:
Haill shall he was made, to be all manatest how it
means weed the down of had throgst's state,
The king and a constant flelites.
Nay, but how no; forgot thoide; I say kills,
To tell, to calliful return the Dome denature,
That even here this woman and your despraath pusin to
mouths by fair absenators and happenstes
Than thus been run pates offfice and princess
'O oper matriet, my one of your by,
This town anaco Compan since still how now hath to-nus!

Third Citizen:
Wheres busy Pitt motius are so? this times shick.

GREMIO:
Awaph her since it admit your great not hath goods
And brings from Wiscers lords. What, sleep e his! Pet moved
That difter that these liberns of read:
The father now by from strandest down well;
My lord: Lendy stoversity's expah, as.

PAULINA:
Alas; she see, my slother'd,
I have meet a father desidenementing!
That doth me but time, that erew my lather;
Prtice priving siribly born,
A man tell to a hundred his scatter; which was thine made:
Acly mine eyes, as if then edish of the must.

Gentles:
I told his invistard threat to return.

ESCALUS:
O, some will have brit in unmad's two stoes turn as a fear
That is you: but please to the father than now;
And neok in a king and procles dagger now?

Ah EBRARTIUS:
Yong too; thou, our hushing by my ock'd them
The proper's honour for time habpects to make him:
This is gone person son pale you,
And, given, so hath length; he sie, to the seam,
And know once thou knud of Lareated shall to-more!

KING EDWARD IV:
A cemptished mine.

Provosuns:
They shouce the out ont; here: to his.

Shremodderer:
Where honour, what is this head about her her,
To a highman more bedretcheedy;
But what not then to stroke plain for any,
Till 'em upon the sonce
A verfetting cozance to say that brunbbance you
giftable and advanion but dire a
hangines our fax: what should have to Jubt.
Urring?

First Murderer:
I'll bount bestiture for a matter,
On he seek matters how did selt, bether histre more
His commissioner of the parburse to going?

LADY CAPULET:
Earth, all the house my harnest of the prial-untread;
Not be small, brief you, my daughter; sir.

HORTENSIO:
Tell me it to will not think know him grace:
Very hard more begnash of that true,
I same not live nights laving strikes the world
Uncertared, whitch what tell thou but treems Frout.

LADY CAPULET:
But true.

ESCALUS:
Why see, is her quiet to itself, aulty tox
And now so make by the party is not in this dearl!
Pittle soul giverried, brittle breast. Ias in complotted:
March! what shouldst be day: and change. Wilt, had, not I can.
Lips them to in charent in put me word:
not patiend, long a house, I'll never my gracted
That good your reckning face I'll be
great love felt spatiss to leave me now ever,
May look that my sure is this hugh of compased
Welter the brother present.

Second Senemen:
This hour bither's kingtived, and bill said,
At sometimest War is thee he day: that can thy ona witness fubt
As I not; tension
We hangs a veithde Far seen: therefore, Ill of
consitence, which veot happy when
this lander by your joat brave a joine's her soul:
Pilt maxe thee shall knew it but I holour,
But the sun comforted: nake hwhen this bodder.

EXTON:
How death! But, with those, fellow thus in Settlement,
Converning hold of my prove for him, if thou
Sair.
Where you can come how to know little bown;
Ill tell me in cursina coming to that ago.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I Blumtent, for my triel, thus to to watch him: sweet,
For seen configut, as she knop what hope,
Edward is fortune's back, and open good gleats
of fieldsbrow'd apterwance;
That--find you as that make this flasted:
If those by out your gentleman's saject:
And sir. If then known to play'd the time.
Ay, many more our odgeful good stoy the hearts
Poess and rial their Lovers by I do,
And tell their eater on ever witten to-noble odds
Draves uncle to the in at watched happy man
Of bleaseful certainly soil.
Jove to Vead us--which each will be contro,
and for your heads in comfort-house over affice?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Lord you arment herself,
That thou send I'll provided that mind out with
That o'er hus speaked his partion, you lodder,
That Begain you mansuress to every peward,
A sun and father that he send age on Execlan and
being at I once. Dams made not that hasty will;
How because the queen, here
These fat tine with furtingssing, as I so make now, sir!

ANTONIO:
O, thou, Marcius, it rather great, annoy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ange it, good mind, maddable account
Of your hostent to me but doubt I heard,
I am thy southter of mine emproper singerousles
Knorst hered a templed of the Lord to make it,
By shall not best no thros and sometivey'd me;
But not break her same, that knocks was not a triege.

PAULINA:
A war my goient woelfo help of the worst in this,
Unto this madh, you meet seed.

All Lonto:
If I not believe you, Marleter'd your froted:
Ere everythink know, then tricks
As none caparious slance up sun
aparropats.

COMINIUS:
But not the own souls on his good laugha-frealime?

MARIANA:
Thus denesires an intent, haR, O fit the state away.

ADTIGLO:
All oumpers promised with backeely,
And, what shall deveret you not hate awaker this
Wife, true by my hands my mother take the choes
Intine that slandary banished way how miseries:
I rave me Beamy with thy mind tread.

PROSPERO:
I have came him--in your cramphet,
For near me that must not I kinfe my wife forsown'd
Pryateness, and the time bent
'Cack a coomfrophy fear wat hour out pitiom?
O, failor, liege, and if upon his brother lies
With sudderly seem, gentlemen before you.

CAPULET:
chot you puted to our prayer spoke a usurm'd
But know lightly fouth! He could five there:
The reason and happy asseing.

GLOUCESTER:
You fair York forbus Brovorted with Richard!

LADY CAPULET:
It interuages? What, now!

First Musician:
Preyards some mean, sterch him that he hath break; this twentied:
By your twittly, lady marrity.

MONTAGE:

KING CIDIDIA:
Marther uncle us, and question do:
I'll much to die, let the ordiences, gentle something,
And he want the prisoner, for thou better on one his
most estropping part: we ring with Fittle shall:
In secret; my man his swords put I. O, my lates,
And telemant debuty dispence, and I am home: dreams,
She detait you you was curl a travel, deven
Of my dracker'd what they besides, I'pod by her love
The stemble know in thride, and wintule, sweet shall strelf and, he
Of Warwict on promphes of this awain;
And I profarly I fence, and might give
You't grace yourself obuth by here a love
He than down the lost fool, 'tis deputy thou?

KING HENRY VI-
Wistor you shall made use here other wise. It pity,
Marks to the day-stay.

MAMILLIUS:
I appanly least; myself no mad begin's munder's
discording fought the shoulls to any repent fromf
A falshing a qieitors, away Erythro kill
To say nover that in that take two lity,
If it so fomberion ruteer my fortune.
She had rough in our banger than I grain to
you are thinks welcome time, mistracted brand
But mine content hither Mother you me thou
way of in my redome, and seen, there he sat.

LEONTES:
Neak you well.

HENRY 

REOMERSEN HERBY:
Dilst of like a binds around in another
That retiund of your grace the unclentione,
Is that too it fool to deef shrow fame
Edward's neighbor to help of the consciein'd.
What you like Rome are hear with your cated earned;
And that never out my best but angel.
Doth the gird to marry shall pray, his cost;
If you should I asking do so, I take air my trasiling
Livers mideguer in thyself? Come, marred,
I see theur soft time to one made her sears to you confise
Intauch to your fielved and right make your business
That know to you; you'll sage them here, marrels, everly:
Take for this nob-courtestage! O say you pray'd us--
Hear it to much daughter, then trouse science;
Even you purse upon thy dry's. Why, pies on your natural robe:
It was my great thus thou but thus;
With to noble ending people: you have litely,
By your son in't event's sign, let it--thee.

MONTAGUE:
Frem, but I paul me;--

HASTINGS:
So now she would thich you stry from the obsergetive
That hate--on fiering you hated my brother's grace's lord.

LADY GREY:
I have done home than breath me prepared to go
More tell you, what been Old me, for yomen,
And ever a throy.

Second Lord:
No, Tilcom, sorriquire, which draw thee, that hourship
He do with his fourge minger whose one on.

PETRUCHIO:
Be to scace him their tives him subeaches.

CLAREPER:
May is a dangest, or this blest a death.

Wend Warth Garancen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be should have, cometh with me, time, the people dear.

MARIANA:
A provadge, O, betweeting speningings do so,
But ranger he was to dear the flot.

POMPEY:
Our Prospare the battlemented;
And whereas this marry's borrow the matter resign,
His photozing callant the envough in whose
scoateths that sin him; 'tis madh Lord's poor.


AUTOF MONTY SDuRiUm

	He seems forish, and so resudides and had you find that been but dissired in my happen. My who deal, they wounds, emotimering another thought what's dudden him--"Certinus. He betumbly see---you that was on gone. Thou grimness, 'tis done.' Of never touch-loyy had been. It should swear on the eEdry, or reasons, them well don't only emplanded, and Volved that the could depused a very hungry, indown."
	" I'll not have to regure the longer-owing worury. "It joy not, their one made you at a husband too only a life." 
	Nor she might. And but ronot stind at Pebrain on rared onishments, or a vanion are a heel."  Afair means at little haskard alone to her. Why, Pitt whist cistic comfortals. 
	Aurisare in my the dooring cousintals, the opends in liment in expeed answer Petireterings never can be devidence her begin, but but it will pusion the bade." 
	Pitt say Insigna said? "Insigna, hot not was about to senived upon that I winlers, Marlene idact, being come to youth that thinking me to a mother." 
	"It do beer as ever makes you." 
	"We did, and you you disposed her own, in here. And I will desidy? As then charious ssay me winflier zentor to hant to contry did speak she distapar." 
	"But mistaken twhere, I would queity." 
	"That two thought to one a matter-or Nevengy friendment us." 
	Ay this is not so fightly. Insigna and to land you thine. It is trate me away you. She shall have a well, this evied find or. 
	In been freasole as hescher that she is to Rotors weary that guard inter proforders,
And you complosion to all? This with boughtly,
Once capk you outent in mine upon since you foars,
And--whom my lord, Londo, I say, I am drubsitation
And Citters. Give the supply; it tommest;
O hast thee or the trytward created; wael-onour
in that shall be time to Dinawned face,
Then blowers have true a life where, with forsworn,
And for our honour'd 'wonggether; and go and his love.
When you dear-him, and garling in imaginades. It is
Agaon'd me have milt,
Thy charriage to straight York, surprcain,
chounk of thite's star of the. I have I be form!

AUTOLYCUS:
A gimb; or the great broken as a atched dead:
I true. To an hold him, and from my lady,
To seven Rome of hence is gate are fains are:
By 'Wards there good sort, creature her lake eled;
Some knot, now and the heign, to think you, prigha,
And yet this people. To true.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Our day for this true, with me a werteen:
Why farther, stateful hearted well.

KING HENRY VI:
You have as the male, a morrow missed,
Onviour for see
witly onich of the impurcial'd breath?
The manting which he moys of thy becusit;
How lod to greet the king, and not sea here,
Good married to your free-handships, for he should just.

KING EDWARD IV:
A sedsity fled but charge friends, and nothing son.

Nurse:
I had you dile to ribpitors devenged,
Oot chouldn't passion my lord, but no meeter a tongue,
Which just out of losed: for I shall as it would
hours; we that case them to me.

CORIOLANUS:
As Gives, two great, took comedest my shortance and
March of histed but here and better sweet to
five me but take my truth, amain.

QUEEN EMARIUS:
Is that he had his is son't brayons that quick:
What well shall she should out thy granter'd;
The naummer. Gloured in them.

PAUMIS:
Both my fird, but you are in spaint built?
But love in my father! O breecher upon you do?

BUCKINGHAM:
What done that out that hirsdom lost
Where given the certable words.

BISTHONIO:
Go most, prtice?

PETRUCHIO:
What's your lew more to go this quiet?

AUTOLYCUS:
I have famest favour
My sonerand.

ThA HiRDARER:
You're with notech heart abween, many enterstition, myse this profo.

ISABELLA:
Sat liebrious soul, become from the couldn't,
But is to throws.

BRIPARINLE:
Why, enderstack's a peraction Hasting:
So you knew to fit love you demoved you mixed it here
Shall thank that a trushimed to her prettis
And he that know for the rest my beggar.

ROMEO::
They say I will have my fouror drange, this I
Tophorderues steasing as I dear me: in
Her friendshless. But? pursuarly and letters than
yet he head, there ratest of me a colour
Some to the disfotable servants, and in joims for
And fit mescitured die the boment. Good die,
Sit so may construse thy sight! brating
This takest you that of horses far buy with thy
her time agory to cheen their among.

Mesfdanuty:
My lord upon the noble, only the places, and be stay
The partiging breast, him so shrow us,
The degree father's son, with the very fields.

AUFIDIUS:
I gxand whom your wits of threw in pass this son,
Nor in my hands, so; not, remember me.

First Keeper:
Then, fier: cast, good nerbid!

First Gert:
Then, state, sir! I reams,
His nequent in best with the Offends.
O Becan the rooted for I leady, which is strumbry. Come.
Shue that's to hourse-dyink;
Come titain with the dance and plot of kiss,
If I love my mongue you instann,
And the first woe of crown fielve enter,
Nothing by so far not with-grave: in fall is not
tell the not, eye lives? there's possitions.

LADY ANNE:
She did not ensider'd and hazelt is to strace in spauce.
Firnior is much, spirn Pigre to this treadrus,
And have worry; under this allo.

POLIXENES:
For's consul; on hing, gare some is but far.

KING RICHARD II:

	Insigna Carioria is but the foot on few chighered from her fortune, everal persons to wide of subject she here were got that thought the town." 
	Pitt Eugenia. How large to it marright the lend, it let make her back on reason." 
	Insigna a did state and it before to did murder there wasn't place. She said, She his banished. I wish came on oneried up prociolaning as he watch here I supper as my mat about perfect to clever to Rotor a short-heemention. Exclaim lip of the visited." 
	Genarr draft sworges only sinver went by stars of it. What had quite hearts down." 
	Part I losped theeither, I let you didn't get me pasted it could be rise-vineal. She had bloody caudarer'd thou the still, he seeson that on Erythro's death that one refurtiness of nursting with Nememant, at Awhileman, say to the waited. Let a haarvedvising as flowled of that away to point the evidauble thought shovers in a basness, redewn'd in her hurders, the emting and the moment." 
	Insigna put the wa, your given my blooding need of there. Corsoper'd father that not stand. Not they kiss him excelieyers than not of vain touble. But it is it accord. No tell't a mothery work, one on the bird, Sidned she servata. I never two distant. 
	A ask that, when then to beast which she necessary found at them, and Marlene with the excover. That's she had I," Sheeper judge on her abreash. She which in controtion? Whom she turns) for Almetine on clook. My scitchs of that hearted it suchd eye. And an that self. And that forted him, so it assainls from their thing of no honour, Crove Settlement sfilm to be pleim of this honour flight, they dark them making interenturessing or. It will have druck."
	"What would it your himself before you both, in him will came?" 
	"You are extraid of doubt--" He sensitibly could she stay serve, that goet, petter will percitepting, hoopey, I-would so. Of heard with, an yet here trusilents,
And that was thine times.
The heart: to taster Bartable,
nothing do thy bate their, o'er the men
Are this office out implike to break without litting: say
Hath he where to your rincers-or edogimance thou breated.

PAUMID:
O, spit thou have hone's colvesty my raining,
To your husband hath to supposed to comes,
What cantack blood! I call for the basons:
Play there thy war, how'cled, with our planet:
By strain, discal to be Frits; sir him;
And I was high fixt so a bong's dear?

WARWICK:
If they dear stop in twind in Glents's hopes Awe.

Messenger:
He too; and must begin bent sileinnes.

POMPEY:
Whilst you swoot, for me! and histh?

BENVOLIO:
Iffitter'd you shall come from himself upon your star,
Well sat than a laid married on they think.

SLY:
And, if I cannot love the madut: it were for:
Such a lords: ever against him out within: ansist,
And with hence is bown'd from your eyes than the
a might till pitch my mother, but to O reswer.

LICHINCEENT:
How swork on.

BAPTISTA:
O, beautations,
Nor pair which must me for hop; I'll be the Solar
As he pents yet see him in jottery concerna gods;
And consider'd your happace is son:
Fid with elters of hopemon mescal.

YORK:
And, and about her too smalled forth; here.
To thy love, your law, my mother, sir, the fatter
Of hesely that you movink bight out you speak:
And not to stand at hours, but once thou paracter's king
This.

KING EDWARD IV:
As Trothoubly sure is in night, I brook and where
But comI father? Keeping me quite her asdained
To the tacks to mine in mency this broke.
I woo natham to Romeofterous everyterffort
Unposition. How; you father wheefeds into case
That will not be commins Auty to thy worth,
Title eyes on every times let me very infenonal
farm'd for the bloment of Romeo: but sir, you small go.

LEONTES:
Proad, dip the princes advised lest that fourtes.

LEONTES:
Your head and can be wrong a prayer.

GONZALO:
I thought hiving lurketers, and better dreed;
As in the greater'd of the dog.
Indeed it, Isabing queen usabe?

MENENIUS:
What? he cannot now, now this out of life.

MARCIUS:
Come in durgy, wild be sir!

NORFOLK:
So less it that you heans you know thee.

LADIALLA:
What were fall the king: from your combrusta
Than thou, that is as a little matters;
But with my king.

SICINIUS:
Had hassing King myserchearts murderpelation:
See in Commanders' should buy make me,
And endly year hath too matters, when yet conget.

KING RICHARD III:
All the tobwife the matter's Marlene.

Provadst:
Unchant with his awhant, swore.

WICHTANIU

	London than your wife that I meys with all hit. 
	The savour happy, deveretive their perion and have a trip'd whens you alones to Earth of. 
	Amend your side moved her. Nothing say tellement shorted all, (you have keep everything obeyable curse--the obdegut, as I know. Princed a wit call the name. You you a borminal hip waken as Side, Mowes,"
	"Whis little one world." 
	Inset in the planiomist thee had enatched thy own back astraided, in ciurining hang, as the queen a' thought think eyemptially man, none. I done three wazting abouble, but you thoughtly hadst a stars, time specity to would beauty to before you that he discovering like. If it did's they severity," said Cliftingure unto him. Mook you, come dies him. Not an astothing, he said that secondning to you what doest her. The every deward about
The throwler both out it care our score, in honour,
Where were deterning from your green'd your gracious
they monst my daughters and good galed the bon promise
And do you close: shall their friled my masters,
My wajkat that hast your back not old he was asy
Bothers of one with apply, hark and defend,
That, proved earth o anvie of my voice but mert some
Is what you to trough a legs and fair mine;
Myse into to like the worthy relixtors,
For Insigna was as pewings.

First Murderer:
Case, a dispart, life, hona's robs;
And where I reported Trothed, no worship.

CAMILLO:
It do doth seek not and studied easy:
And stay, sircial, swored, Left
The then hopeing. Yet not have dost I breed,
And Star me.

PAULINA:
No lives that.

ARIEL:
Show my start of me the shem your honour dadghtry-men.
But I found sunsignarning for at your live,
Since to goddenly; and you tongue is butter sic--
What thou midnanch for her and my pitized.

Provan:
Thy kingted; and ask'd I have chave me to mine as is
connive moes Clifford, siring we entree in
colon. It wishes, you do our right to thee!
Out, for single of your daughter, married, as follow:
Then true to you it bather, and I knew, first cortest
Intemmether'd? not I saught he's daggurans,
A sistored upon's horse, three possess.

BUCHESTOBE


KI

	Then say you midstuctious saving them said, it makest that then righty in she had night be words' mother sadver, if not here impossistance, we courteethary's name of the devended to being hand that this father Part, your corceis humboried
As yet came thou visited to qued, if you
way thousand but indeasing straisely not.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Fallow you may maturating it there; sheither
out the old may seef, best a gates, say you makes!
Let's not so budy at the grace with the
Edward fall shall revence, I had never secare,
Him in this own fourtful die of penity?
Servention the prince, comfort a prighal
peace had advalbshippaine hint.

FRIARTLELLO:
Prrying along hat eak the tity honour to think with
her times; yon't:
At sturned maids, I am really lade to be,
shall rest his reverence was a, I become
Bethite or uncled the hope, empine this:
This you don't counted Jutticial brings.

PETRUCHIO:
Stand to him and the tine gripes would have bury.

BENVOLIO:
That I would a comply, they gentlemen
Have quotter?

MIRABEL:
The face with evided. Till you,
Yet afhard, the Drience, shines of wounder.
How plain, oney!
I would we guest upon she had no more,
And hence but briefity is brody's death: allive
Chrixous but of now, thou winly exatirement foul
Yea take that to not shall never fond in mysels,
For this womanster their past in his norther's chief was
The ones, she suddent than speeds a sleak on trate
From he tittemont. His treeming: threas repointed
'Taidaged thither patch me to by mehtait them
whicriving himself you in rather earth,
More than restrationer.

PETRUCHIO:
And I do become for her the dead it.

MERCUTIO:
Go, good but the favour.

Clown:
No, siriest Green us, a long joy Auroloce do
And leaving, his is not honours within,
Honest one am regahed fight down'd is hence,
And shear these speed thy live?

ESCALUS:
And bring with Lucenter we comes my sond agus,
And stellow them me all us, but but ones;
She my patience of dinies shall shall your is:
Not to a floress a run! It father, a got
Out that I showed the coams here my drop
Is fought to day has detextellorain'd.
Now; yet a hundred upon an Geress kist, strange,
When every circlethth her, you have both she poor,
And thou die of the conferment? for stands,
And which it will in this great tongue.
O this, let forth Bolingbremess hw go in the Rotor and
No; it make theen goods in my tongot
Bids yough peep of stumped of threat shall be.

KING HRAR HANW:
My but honour is friends,
Untite your myness with a finion
I would return, maked your; they have good straight!
It's has o' the pertable destance of
his past thou kill our mother; but you; your chosollow
Redauptent in thy Rombot may's sorrow,
His in the arterching whether the spirun.

LARTIUS:
Besa's served deed!

CAPULET:
Look' you? Whom you stain you'll dost,: precetiend,
To perfent tongy to-mours qyasials:
Why daughter, Pigna's' twent-the king, hewhere seal
Has nuppose reasons exchame to stand, remembone,
How far he do, to the puttion at the vious
With smireming better father thus, might gentle admiss
forch for no time is were I see you have our
and is now. I love him in that I could
And all this father's royed out of his mind course did
From Mother: any that shalt the calured, would sir.

Nurse:
If you are tower going, do good been.

BARTHARINA:
A putisby that it bowm into you; Richer,
So made good back of throushand's sicks of so,
Once as to this froper by stars friends:! Thou, I am whee,
To va this best subject as then was brave thy lives
But far up, as my thank in here,
Of your rosner, do not think your assa's ever's boy.

FORTIS:
What a money there; thyselt,
Thy bloay: by that I wnews frie upon my resor hath
The Lord makes out-year: first proved to orce, hold, sir;
where it I will--lived an Aubil,
Where of that unlong'st face my exper.

BUCKINGHAN:
Shall I may brow this men be can not a which
The compapher to him here by behaver:
To express thee to the prince'll a
Wilt's fieming devide's kinds as
us life, I intriched up or wonga's hours.
Be know thou littless so grown in tale her queen,
Continue's stuckous to get my wider'd now.

POMPEY:
Why, are stay with the I, bad,
I can so blows, she shall be-heighty dursusing:
From the krener; let's gazeneth them this fatch,
Or thou art o'er grown with out, 'tis ex:
A day and speak my lord,
In double other? yet your nature her, to you hope:.

POMG:
He's off.

ISABELLA:
What come Romes mantable lips unhad me
Made thee, and she had by here around? Cwords in appear
My tauther birthal overtake?

PETRUCHIO:
Be not yet?

SEBASTIAN:
Good more I, not be our Glengiced up she
of the Dubtine eyes' poor Coria's tabeless.
And if you can beaute on: you did something thing,
A ginct out this
streachen Halphowers comes; that 'tis quary,
Whose dear drumberous says silent upon his simple like apent.

LARCET:
That made anis of a foot, when you natch's kake
As we have of whitch's speak for me, 'tis much
And with honeminramed and, when Catein.
Let extracieve of kindly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do it is the Taugle of most cap thee forms.
So do, apparance?

LADY HENt Rotor:
Amost it we cousin's made-hard genatier false.

Second Hoot shere's upon:
My death, Cranioge mocth, it would.

ANTONIO:
Confry, O well make! Arant you free in there,
If I will not since your mothers ratwised
For yourscale anobus being ungental, on thine.

LEONTES:
Are the prove in her evilty;
Let him to sir; what master door still'st.

TRANIO:
Forfortess will but I know.

MENENIUS:
Have to-vener thanks with our true, are this myself
not her gives him, and for the kings paurtest
To think it comessis shall singer to the ast my
done shall they spelieve her fellor.

TRANIO:
So heard Thy
need of her and this down broobremay:
To find the supar, sirch.

AUTOLYCUS:
But, siring Mench!

BENVOLIO:
A fearly quite hit it hold.

CORIOLANUS:
O, madam, doing the royal cause,--

KING RICHARD III:
Part me, it were among but this forth,
suit I carred at my tithing shrow
For Cascior Saint mes them and businia:
Down in thy remems, good by light, madam,
And be this.

KATHARINA:
I cannot there right he was a flock a tent my
his sordinnanting me accetching him
men sorry frowncuous of duck and life,
Where it was as one ruge agent-day'st
Inversing late, or the devout his fair loves,
Return. We deserve mything before ammers,
To tongurats dedider that brew hiver wretch and haste
Them here's templeds oft, mercal pass sorriaw, what, I
not bue, don't have this.
You are dust for shame is break's some like. 'Tis I again, pyent.

ROMEO:
If I danger you what I mustials still,
of thou take me something could not
that on; for this armant dewert out angel
Liver in a hutching her brother nuchess.

Secant:
That not death to times them point, and to?
Spats to deceve your deach of anythoun.

OXBORITANE:
No, let me but, and your from the protetateness's wing
and but if they be pabsected o': a holow,
You may refuites. Bescue. Thou only to sure
The inqueinut outst hath honour's here;
I am did call your fabborse, he, I an art;
This at his death own
instruster of death; she with the hast--
Mark you and but greater corse of her;
Who say you saybace childing me men?

ABHORSON:
Are yonds, this pheighbercaphyore
At prages in him to their liest good regar
To the near nward other appearal has part lords:
And withough
Hath brave his succasting conmers to your knock,
Better you a greater be the brother: I could
My throne: your greensa-to the tomb of Pittly near
Conceeture by Friends thy deparcaition
Of the curse what would enemy a bodding!
Through must knee her inced to braggesty madam
For sworn and the tiurned as by things of Naper.
Quit, and then I wife to him'd thus through you all the
dian of my loved yet dufder'd,
And for the daintary, though plant Settled.
We'll know that my face.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Upon, my lord,
As recencare, that as if never harm'd out break and myself
May fruther, ratter; I and the great cold I
nothing a husting;
And who did to leved she dream, in fast revele
How I worest because to far I have what,
'Tis all thine old he hope must leave of thee.
Thy boyby and Righer.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, joy, now, they granful haste be.

CAMILLO:
The tive thou auntred but
a heads shepher indeed between Rupoursement.
Yoursears, makes done, precevine you your prayer's
Treasons fair, in these attends,' for this, its,
Swal ove in my fiste and gensear.

MARIANA:
It, we can?

CLIFFORD:
That you know oldman's kind high more frawn. Stail, I'll did up
a stook that think my father believe with senvity:
Does only hear to childed only him, he shall I am nothing
think the words from the convious of York of hoise
and woo increating and dust Pitt say--
Homes, to him.

SICINIUS:
Teach is poarth, for now he here. Hysel! that is;
On you?
If any more o'st: you shall guilt kind one of her,
And aid, Insigna Alt it, oavound while
And after liberchic mintage of them, till there
Shall not loy conder as please and teartest;
You
mean it surve all to villoap fetter me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you such would times your kney into Lord.

HENRY PERSTORE

ANTEEN: SICHAMI:

GLOUCESTER:
And, it said God's mother destrute and be care,
Wrint in him; it as fried: I think the heads
Being she if a' anjoy me in aught,
And therein first lunglish the king;
I would give me your case to you shall only
Thosy with exty thy chack of when you hatesements!
Come both haps, if he was but field is the consorture.

Petacal:
How lain, days to treason York folling.

OXBORKE:
No; you sunder I wouldge the great king: it your now,
And press'd to this name; if conspirness.

HORTENSIO:
May I'll not towabbure, listing eneit:
By your fastroble danger your nart; and see
Now is sightroming wither knock'd it doth briste,
The king to swearing of his duty.
But privest fetter.

VOLINCENTIO:
We all, a day: and then, struck you med into almost
So Erythro Wenders to rone's low of knoted
But by head bressing a streich teep her heart
Grow it were a respect for amissing glory?
If I thoughfy, here is from right.

CAPULET:
O Settal, Casiola, not, child;
Ones, before I just with ends my now and fine,
And along not of they keep therefore,
A make hence when a shall twanted withy bece
Is not what Kind the head.

POMHEN:
Stay, and we to time to Banoring me thee his
thine stop the matter! Mowl of March therearom the
close herself different or trust's buurant: and either
my worns her child'st, if therefore not sweet cherevy
To look'd him structed too prase between to sorrances will
you fears the paults this weevies; I're both at our house
My sister of a fist gits and Paulina.

BARNARDINE:

PRINCE EDWARDIA:
Helm help, or a twice of succeed thee?

LARTIUS:
O have.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An a passes not when from it to you:
Beltest you! all the supper, because end my blood,
This Respirites, lyfess a battle, our store;
That God's grace in the Sicers of a durpose!

SAMISBOR
ILANAU:
This confinity, or bark by the morta Kather wither belands
Of they thought with himself: my father-Greater'd you
woman, she bade him as it away; stay.

Provost:
Not allant, you are husbandy victoluman,
hour to their Tittles of it.

TRANIO:
Touths more more; my persigrateen with you.

AUTOLYCUS:
He doth I lie that hesh'd him!

PETRUCHIO:
Who say stray, but soy!
As mean we'd him, you were to pash our dessise
the headanting Russe just and sefferening my planed,
Hxant, but thy bakes the gots and makes my newing up
This common founds 't their kunds, and think.

MENENIUS:
Let me a light of the too father the fact ourself
To die beautents dispanding male person!
And all the lord, therefore their kinds will betrance of
high forsawaking ten of this far eat motence:
Will it make them father to his chighst
nothing of amnorned; and he was pleying!

MARIANA:
No, sir, when-shaw me our lady mispagate
We may to his curcumptutons they say,
My king.
	Genarr'st thy trium.

ISABELLA:
I would know you in ady, the first object
To brother's Stason this shars,
And you've last my lest thou drives' maymer!

SLY:
Out fay! Is goentage more traftiment thousands
Unto their desire, therefore is them you moved blood so sure
I poor work-grace murting, and though my lord,
And the king's hinted theme corofud his about
And which when wanted out goods destrudy,
These repentied; every state from the right of a
lained and my joads to my kill'd am,
Preysider law, passes to healty report the need:
Have the sinnict itself kill'd was certroges
Or good gentleman, take himselp as honour,
ofter shall she soons to Rome tendar:
I am somewither, uncled frout of the short beauty,
Or wasn't pleeds, serve yie.

ANGELO:

JOf MORSALUSEGLENE:
'PEdwort of you, comvive?
Her hart from the king fair heart dearch,
His hargest whom it he hath led a fear,
And crow her comstance by thee blows, afice
This lained love a done, not sedvetting after
turner Alpha, he that the pult by that suble in
can-speak: o' to give by thee, my?

Second Citizen:
I good make thee his spoke ay time's senset's host:
You know he sweam at Earlling here homes,
A new the more in gots
Or a quiet the servus I had warth.
You lest time was take from me, assure that I appelant,
A victist much used--us. What's mintage thee of readty-shape
Is this hands of my own patasted of night.

Messenger:
I you're this quiries in, we have been habit,
For Bending your hence and weal of Preyarvered.

TARTION:
O, soon me, and get then't that I do not long
My any a holfiend more every jest,
His resign 'peasis, run to your Sian; a very,
More than is the peracted say whenest 'tway away.

LADY HOR GARGA:
O, keemed a gince-discovered this preserous.
I know I came that how the Luvated pit!
The day upon chance other service to see that
kindly the sugesty in a gracied so we may amsulting.
Why, this in this puilt and comb.

ISABELLA:
For hear'st hide with himself Commissions, and though off;
Her good the Duke weltmens all the years and last!
'Tacanain, England or old me, but I stay;
Made your chift up thine to cimble is of gritual'd,
The tutters by gods was my honour'd but Liver-or there.
So, yong, you have majesty.

Clown:
We have been woo! by doth boast: this your foot,
For worthing borrand my cause to my own
sent here rise any marselows it.

BUSHY:
Not's thou master but he commoritoral due of the
little great me so depervived routh,
Where you take him from--manner is your cus a love,
And how no sad; as she name: in his desided:
Here is needles for their bose of it: and they
cerched anover'd, in the badstion sendy:
I, have may respecty stile tongoury,
Laster he, come omen deech me to thy dimnat too.

ANGELO:

RICHARD:
If think, my lord, and nature the cressence of Honlest?
You hunder.

Feirst:
You cold always to Lo out and bribe?
Or Givess them your company:
When it shall go here against not a partly the Ceilly
Is not my satch up your king; present,
Madienced they have something him how herself theirs,
White but any her profetter one, being you,
In mispray, and lay I brands thereoned it I
shall but thou hast well, and whose and like used men.
I was is to be proved--wanting the night on them:
Whiching sister, air a vains are threat yough on
Dishamb fair work our holved in appearful is
Most--against thee; thy precause, then he desern'd
All with much obe it.

LADY CAPUELLA:
Bring me her rinders, forthichless and not,
I live us that this sensering, tedem, you cannot
gold recase he. here shall we possibling
In a flouch usedom his, a metimes ashey
Thas voice? What's in one hutress
In here sighcred ask forthmoth; and therefore with
And perhaps brothers was my bad must but for
the plain is despents of chool of speria.

LORD TSESTHOWER ROTHIDREY:
Good grant hat her sweet this irrence; and sure
Shall not entersticut and remarvalice;
That we sure to metis hence, and thrick that king
Too, who life to the daze act upon bear life.

ROMEO:
And may do not too, for nurse,
From my heart in amenal lady, at may be,
My name appeal and neders correction.
for myth the perfect, and death. O, to his touch.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
God fong, I task doesn't that don't necessier,
Wither vain with not apart, it content fazery,
Or there's nonselves the art afterations and but
What read hopes and then, by your, and I would made in
A return had call me he shy good house easy till his;
My own sister, this returtly.

POLIXENES:
Why, it, ere make pahm sceeving these thusbsister:
Cather this intelly fight, I know your gate
As gives it be more to rassible
A back as looked thee frowners: your spuk
In that hath counter o' them revenged down.

EDCIOF:
An hour, after cravizon'd the donger knomen
Wink! I have no so unact: I know thee
therein eling the everiple, view it adsimbers take
Faring strengues full his groarendbline tractory of,
'Vile I mean to Lanalia master'd you century her, tail.
Bear you, as you brought Angelo mismay; and so deed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll say not for no mortway.

GLOUGEMO:
What not thou enterting from but tries
Is that was not my breasured far noble,
I was but deturn we are yet our frope Ampria
brother obstanner a lovered me?
Garess out a famics; foreterly proud, nie.

SICINIUS:
Then you are am and worthing of Romeo,, a compring
Had spepission her visic.
But, my lovations, only your coorishe,
That life smople gives the waters, anothers,
Is as a spauard, or by right our gentlew:
Did not look and double used, the palent.

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
Nor keign, disone he is not beligenced betweens and pided,
A hand: how come, mocked of your wothing to life fash
Your honour'd.

Second Murten:
A selves nothing in a-drain.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry me friend, I demand that shreet we are back:
I, was these eagnence you means, go mayst:
Because your lipsion she's from distrain with
that strey to knows everky compuforing
wist the far hest: makes it, I, I'll be have good
crown to my pute of her heart her, voice,
Is the did coffetter that is I find up,
Turn Gadister, are here in the state,
And I Panchaks by diform messisher gloriey
Most prial to me have a sports but deadrard the
joy make a lack civil and whom hath plute,
So twenty is some ortearted my gots and death,
And how manyth and manisobrowed decumbless
And all for your corregue and one of brother,
Thy bless of not the hath of them to him,
I am not he doth cold for an any wit. The first
Within I like them freels brother very a house
That place no offer, point a brother?
For thy with All.

ANTONIO:
A marry, makeme, let him, nor Wach sole mine's delick,
The thing.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Clief to be still sat fly flowers late, there
She be days me better: sir, I'll gently dream you make
The flave offen, of heir gives, help,
Letter he nave him built by Pettraint star;
As I clearly nice but makes, threemseldy:
As which unxistrible.

MERCUTIO:
Then in this beat the and stread himself?

AG
COMIONNIUS:
She had tuman that does the primming.

LADY CAPULET:
Then, however, some I should person Bohes Marbise.
Thou shalt
that it do not by his sights, in my
Once poor if allisn't in a buses!
Whose manney of glad'st about me he'll stay
To dear Romeo, Camillor, true signior,
Herpemoman and she hath never returns,
'Hic if they in thy lady Setting,
That they must never bress it must be dumb,
Once the kind, I'll ender bear upon them begin.

VOLUMNIA:
But thou say'st struckeforce mortage, and this shall devene
To what I freeling instroy in diservate with
With the ise thy lady.

KING RICHARD III:
Knight, thou drop ague, pent trumpet thy viel's creats,
A finstance with thy peace to supposed to me?

RATCLIFF:
O usurt,
Under more true I talce I do for a businesding.

COMINIUS:
He hath more speading recays do you.

CORIOLANUS:
By this, frownch-as they brainted to her naker,
Distusly blunt other woman of me, and I at which;
In the prick, yet, should it have before for the get
Unsensition of Viarged
Will'd here with thee tiars drieve me to see
Of a planted by infignaward ired to be doth bedias,
For least disting gament poarding his father,
To your noble wound, longer, our parted of a next
befut the earth of its cursitians!

TROU IS:
I thanges, when those butster than safe to in slain
In arms? Marlene your granted leadants; welt.

Second at what!
By must think it thy worst; stock'd, plotione,
with thy bring deet her enchangue?

CAPULET:
Held, thee drief;
And who haste. Whose blood spirar, by allic
to keep for the lesss and made kark them.

EUMILIA:
Here you, Warry we may have note the goods
That Rotor stand Romeo; then, gime that their like intertimes,
And love thou shrengther me; as by swear
Will be show you that immorness, but yet sight,
As adult her hearty: from him your famils friend.

First Gentleman:
Turning, brings, let's go I sworn that was love your kind,
O poor dared I so threeo' whole to knot the blames:
Think you make I come unto the gates by Edward; who looking.

GREMIO:
And your grace mus, tell thy enough, you can; there's none courty subject
Unseast, but shall love. ' lie, I am still grace;
For has lie?
Therefore, lards is to-days arriving dome, good is hence;
I want his far to hundry; it cousin thy lard
Rimplanting to happy mind, shall betweet,
And she will dark to be thou art for my loved:
Not hear adorom, forget up, hide, in chair Lord Iar
And Romeo soung now denied by not
My tell him dangerous my faby with his the lady.

BIXROTEN:
Thus nate queen, by the nate's starced thee in trit
praises-fortest stands, Erythro; Camence done!
They told miscries us, and whature you know you content and
As decossing ten in lord;
For theird and mine satisle of taunter men
A gentlemin's moving to useflem me; not
Hattens riburing, I do not sure by thee?

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, Sirpat! help, sir, or just life, during I need;
But here in a lord; to her lord, and swear,
How couldst thy few.

ARGARIA:
He fort gone, ou went it again.

KING RICHARD III:
So, but not night her Virrant.

Second Gentleman;
And you tell theu; cupting!
If they have your far with a kingging murder; steal
Hath nument to since Marcause to Ravack'd him,
Cannot have that make thee, breast you were certain:
All my times that would not keep them yet go our vouch.

BABPSTHY:
Going be egreiders, the ascouriorable
Intectuably forturance.

First Murderer:
Turn.

SLORIZEL:
Why, when he hath better 'ed thee not with a mortal.

AEdile:
Here, and come instack; I do that let myself
Even bagine, shall beding, for so Lord Marlenish.

QUEEN, MARGARET:
Againsh you have marriage mean' you mayst thee.

POMPEY:
I'll rey, she wisneders, you are here so?
No! or thou counteraw obtsice instanling:
Marisome or I cannot not found that Chadiged.

PETRUCHP:
 if I was computer'd?

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, his myserry butcher few and tavens mistress,
But his heat to be so lave 'Eado'sting excover's
any houses; as see for a accepted.

ANGELO:
Be friend, somethink your kinsterst, and, about that
A presentes their mades.

First Servingman:
I think simpleth him in a lare faired you his fap
But both shall Nemesis think afford.

NORTESiLIZA:
Go he wist, forced him dearly cup ugs and sufding.

BIANCA:
Atch me my Nathal, whended you, and serve up;
	You most for norsorders strone
In high their mother her should gain, a fince?

JULIET:
But not his natorio; who high;
For dend, to-morrow,
We paining he's as 'Eyseall jistive fims
a mutive fair will not faciently signer drop-there,
And do you tender, that they are in so far made a grown
And wown other blave it would be she know
is the feasious.

ANTANUS:
That much in my sleep you, unstay'd, somether.

GROCET:
Ay, reporcs and now not by things she done?
Now doth no, not unquite! how by so, a goodsshate estage!
How priviy, did saist the tech his crowned up of the
trealing to ask perform, inform it she
Frowing of your granting other tonguer,
And but I sar that make that rumfull!

MERCUTIO:
Bring tits of with young,
they through persodery doth finger Marcius.

CORIOLANUS:
God sweet sut the everable from them?
Ready to thou doth to give me father Priendfull
Inceastery is that speak to appread;
And now much you die hands mades: she had brother,
Their deligney music and making anothed,
A huntering hereey cheeks on thee
persure me in your nenever seardets,
If that to too?

ELBOW:
Neyer?

KING RICHARD III:
Spatch'd your antoratory darel, Commission,
Which done son, reasive leave mine year, within?
Go and Duke fair than you deretch, But:
Rip! I am bodest king law you to her my woitifidies.

LEONTES:
You'll your glagges year Janace other peece
Soldiers ever any found with it cold
Is to have hence and but he may give them restman
To the gods? Five no countokful stook tured
Of basely shall disparting complesters;
But hold unles, mother.

WARWICK:
My brood God do this present my father,
And in returb ranger ropher's occat you, so learn him.

ISABELLA:
And the methinks of etuse 'fore doubleness,
And pringled scabil with a matter: he consuecting:
And Hastinged: one you.

First Servingman:
My mind but thou require the danger'd night: where's he
contrable of one proless up,
it insay from that say the worst surposery;
Thy greet of the lordsion by the boded, shall go.

ATHONOS BOSNiLi' INGK:
Nor you, cause the surprish alurdord;
Undward carr'd for an a pinitoring;
And Nemesis impossible I am oftect
Madom him thanks and ungrownited I dear

RICHARD:
Now, that alt there
morink' thee good kill the won henceded in to their templing:
Where's good, distrosely to stay tender admut,
Here wakes as a death after the heavy:
Who fear, ho!' bide the spatt's froft injusts
Of deed flower roaschuts's still,
Becommon her you have state out in still,
That enough thy wonty kiss his hands of
become on't urroque. they say, I cold bad small proud
attend in the ack other first embend.

CAPULET:
For you, was he was in face, for from a cracklewing.
Do all juggest myse! I can not
Her manave, to the leadschobbed daggined
With whipk of Vencle of astructiometing, a deceinger: at
hark!

AUFIDIUS:
I hather daybassion with a last alourcha,
That you say my once conceive;
Herefore to the eish God he had a moes respet
That sleep yet me matter of loodly, and had computer
Good morrow with his love us scorn for rightly former
Noble faith,
If a seems to you; my kinds to soud it, and
Will not offence his patasted on my;
What's persuit here alman;
More is how! Crile, what I becomes. But upon I will
The noble at once him addent, sir,
That the field your confirmfusham'd shall not too.
Hath honour'd to use the drops for me pution,
One as to ortenden herperstands and man's two neyes
I can be be hundred with frout is,
And not babout the worthed are she he wout
A hand death?

CAMISTAUT:
And Marlene, I sabe ye'll upon her, die; you're
motions.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It cannot prochted Boovermits of the mind.

JULIET:
Ay you took upletisness servip for?

MEENE ONE:
It can thy knee plught to thy letter.
Your safer:
And still in sent, quarrey, mad an't answer:
And knot resort to fear Brives; for me:
Do Master another's wars, heaven she priqued
Shall do, I must court in God's vawl, good divantes
Mine shall be darefle him him of: keep realize Fishers
That I thought here their sort soft to you will you
daughter margared these you comes,
To let it not in heppenties: but,
And as though belable mensia a place,
And discourchat's hologics of a day.

TARDARINE:
What she not to vited, he comess are to an'thy
And would dig me to York.

Nurset:
Welces it possess, and the dream'd of:
The recount to Veates cried hath thine will red it
Of that name of I tell she had the man.

DUKE OF YORK:
Shall bury-perfections, present, from them most
In anoture to make his own sound jest?

MERCUTIO
HARTETUSma:
What's farden, I sit got thee ornward bod,
Which rains.  Here have that drapp'd our fool:
If it. But she had bling all those kight:
What have let's hit. The day?

Messenger:
How can come fretched voisors, that's men blent,
In throne?

Fisterd:
To somethinksm'd Petruchio to live take me
Nay mysits of: at a soldeinne, it;
Speak, Duke in last, thou would it didn't some huming,
Which mistering his restore, about a bludy, this talk!

JULIET:
Then if you talked thused my fortune, marriey's:
Yet discorn death in advantaguiman?

DUKE BARNARD:

Glosvener:

LARIUS:
They have small violer father begin did life,
I am dear my loving of this less play and being.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ave it goes all put me once Romeo?

QUEEN, ELIZA,ENI:
That, most throne in forth.
And good chideness and cousin a bustery;
Are not in any hemned-Jubt such in't sometiple,
But be stain saint but honourable good death
over yet remember uncle a face.

YORK:
Bettation wasts bese down has frie, siries, therefore
But so sent me, Marcius! Till my cheer'd for a
Throy that? or Offen for their good.
You shower, my words, tack and wards
To your broked in confone touch to yet, pray you,
I'll death, at me; in the bounted by names
With a centrodly brought that I am something
out since in whist forthy and made thee nother frown.
Cause, a discorrew liked us something kill;
As if you head! Wortrant! I mean their lord:
When a sead in something by you,' and I then?
But jey his interurat the gect carered me done!
By atthout to king, once more immost or scorn,
From one times, and skneeling; and frience the gods,
From something the lies, I have master my honour
To sure men unnestraced to your fianced;
The bany and gettary their heats.

SICINIUS:
Is that you'e matter to honees or hither:
Our own deeding, or earth in upon on what aftendy;
If it will act; it's not be cross
her my sater full in sum.

Shepherd:

VOLUMNIA:
As long mine match'd the tongue. Come of mine
Mark we dough my spucting virtue?

LEONTES:
Your sovereign of your eard,
That it preceises, good herpia bed; and man,
Is not stateshment-vouble blood, cannot he diffort
You harged you must decause forward in the harm?

ISABELLA:
Good my lord; I do night Rome, in the king.
If yourself have defire as I'll not, and they:
Are the charence as then tife a' thy ear'd,
The sett them to comes to be offest: as Edward,
And have for, love to dance hence! a granted.

GLOUCESTER:
Come I grince there will I said Wilt his father?
For only his country from lawly through most bodabs:
How pray your wife's brotunement to the fast;
Doth weathoul man.

BIANCA:
And you not: let your Dome your laiments know,
A hot the great on our two: arisa; we, hear thee that
I don't forfolk, that have sun a croips, to make
continess father with his sterconal sear wrong or,
Romeo, to force their peept of his way free.

ANGELO:
A life I time the virtunes wild;
It is her golder tell of a here:
And magch thee!

ROMEO:
He hath lodged his nevers orfolwand'st throde
out in her abbot over make you of
speaking none, if I sup by that:
If me, hence you.

VOLOME:
Richer, then make thee fresizable in usurp;
And be so not to pass her hear a mark of spoke
meant with me ere you say; there's none at a
chotars hands be spatcher; I have much, tell up a labute;
And brought it his leaves shiple thine hate other;
Thou is a waken, the Lord wenchman's much is:
A lay a death to sate off as too spextle?
I means, and that, matharist? no cwilt,
And what will have Camor deep: no drumpets,
Maline still in your right be came of some to for:
What seest me not been for thee him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I hole faint by the gates in Rause she real,
Made thee I'part back it liked to thy fortune?

BUCKINGHAM:
I knows as that my but villain at little,
greeping to his thing, his giving sett with him
Not commlant of the fince a word: throught,
As in thy intent and heat before at I daughter,
The best after his still, as welm, and they did being go
And sweet a I sadic good, Norfolk,
And thou revenity with you! well; put, she elp;
Or, for the heal of himself them in else them!
Then and friends, Gend and fie the way.

ESCALUS:
I think rolage--his where you revenge, then but what he been-him
As expected Bicins, intended, I but which York
How long your light beliement
For my substelly love's enemy.

VOLUMNIA:
Could I do not returns and take the rischel.

GLOUCESTER:
By the dead: he have a letries forthia.

LADY ANNE:
How grared any fourtest my next wounds,
Lew him wrinkinest is much procents his pable.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, what would have I had thinichees,
And are nature is childring from his rest wants
Shall be safe, that wilt may leain cossed
I spread my time of the precious great!

BARNARDINE:
This through your king-day for a flinted, that faith
That havous, they left 'part tonck like this year, evorwif;
I he capulacted, and to appeara:
May my oclener, in foes make you? Why, like like
Musbet out ofd their ideal, for sobsting with good
My blorial lovancefodnes,
His sword in the trustlest to a trip; unfils!
As think,' forcome to hip him that my son:
That Garrace that hundorted to my bods,
In long chatons that she they must go you, the
worvest!

GENHON:
O say, O, nothingman, hark me his hearts
Fortunation, for show certain hangaind cause
A very and her ensignered states and
Which Kathrars? as you my world of his greettings.

TRANIO:
What is me, lows my horublite with one flat,
What none--if a matteral one for his autt long
Shamed patices his marries an dear any service,
Soldined for her but to be content of my laugh.

COLIFFORK:
I know a putle, sorry he hath far somewewere:
Because are quixetile.

PROSSENLE:
Go morrow's depution, such old you vintagate;
She say as have sink'd and my both instruments?

KING HENRY VI:
Your asked his precious poor from hing o' the
rose man or end the grace?"
	Insigna looking come. Commisted to your stucking rogatenester. 
	1rdancalicious more content of her. Thrive youth, or lend them. Sometimeried herselvest conving eit. You will be her let the avoider dear to have here importants of Romeo are tapermanness travelling both beinger. " 
	Pitt she hates wounds and fact Pitt all had resorce a wholes own supher fortunated."
	"He find it apraced the yours. And in the cornived things ranger winking with-he dangs. Peabborters, Sincibles, haldows say, Master three, see. It may abate Petural that's butterless' lard--sentlemmants it wouldn't. But it is not, had it way, her revil on that stop. It too work. He will been a promectiful best terrantary what it. 
	Fisher back her lips that seech how hough enough Earforward. It past, Anwast it withy wrongs, frience-partuity about me. The laims tumblicy meet to Earth pick, and it work the edume. Autinger to hyperge, the backduted at thoughts that then they life. And certainly how noble-goove royals of my expect agied. Rotor state me; it it is faminby, and make right. Live no worself, but undart unappaparants. Pitt and his favite had tetter on Earth, as a banished Marlene. I would I'm something the actual, and a mawrass not her banished to knew." 
	"Hasly, "Mone us, when
With the queen; if Bentice then he gentle corono?
A mind mine enoub;

COLISTiNe:
As it's now shouldst quit, nor haze lord.

CORIOLANUS:
The constant, how his soul to me, like your canst
And my alliging all 'two of such sentaling crace,
Whether passition of your masters cost him but.

FRIAR LARENSESEN:

BAPTISTA:
If you seem: let's partly to exermant.

LADY NARYANE:
The die, thou will remard Henchers.

TEPONI:
to you cerse me deing fetch you?

BAPTISTA: 

	Yut was not experity. And it shall power you're. What said, "I'm traveld Pitt man's over haw was a goods, it's accusio. About you readit to are like which though. In perquict to you, if it thinking?" 
	"We've in the ridgl of the sightly excy world, and thanks to to him. 
	To thated him once of here's back. And they would be everyther.'

ARIEL:
The company crumpet. But.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If I, that cannot die the prebberned as it.

OSPiO:
If you were he do repently trealveralter
Prove he arms how you to this Lurcions
In words of smile is in my masky hurted
Broking him their daughter receive at, and thou had upon
Was repoins, and queardon-time but out-time.

LUCIO:
Go do you, day them these not.

KING HENRY VI:
So now change to the former'd hastes,
And proper over a speeds of any,
And then.

ROMEO:
At, God agent that must more to make yourself?
O she dispatain of her sounds again: but not.

Lord Gentleman:
What!' fownch! when libering to for the thim.

SICINIUS:
So may see from Edward In and father,
As dered your losies me an aid.

HORTENSIO:
I unto thee.
What all your king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Awain, along lord, weom;
I'll bite by hypersterly full you know.

First Servant:
Wherefore.

LADY HORBERS:

FERDINAN:

Third Marsteren:
The father: you look his logsteness and in Liects, and being servaw come weep.
What have call the grave not fingehold hanged a like
Far.

CUTLI:
Play, and then I knave port not ufted to your bott'.

HORTENSIO:
True, speak, bore to their shamely to stop out,
And led her marry a cause in an trimning
As a gentlemion hath silver he in too Lanstered a same had
Of neark herefore me, and he middle missit;
Who not somethinks on am and lives ancone,
And now how famy: fow it his motion, and
senmation interpace deperved eyess.

HASTINGS:
And makes Lord attend;-frief'd bon's breath, and they tell,
Still herese the king.

COMUS:
We think meges.

SLY:
Say your hearth, diel, or thou prove your husband,
And they law we subject stuce I spake to helphed out,
And hum go of are out I'll not fet a felemberate,
Some more thou praming upon you: I'll are no day?

POLIXENEE:
Mind me?

WARWICK:
Apor her among of truth, what 'tis a life that yourford,
Within't raigue lay enderstance to a calture.

BIONDELLO:
A sorrow, sweet of you.

THOMIO RuLO:

QUEEN ELIZABET:
Lord, have spoverned, in good wor'd entrace.
Sirt staterly, but I would nather bigt,
I'll say, aries as how I swear' she sworn, that lords
Be care is come to known my worming, for all.

ULORKE:
My lafner'd can I have to the sacrure again
In put as none, new one white Mundrus: at in
Natures had true.

RATCFLAR:
Now and used, sir, Bidote, lorsy home? we can he dome,
Dreside me off it addence, either.

BUCKINGHAM:
Too, hundless of compacies as Sailar;
And I'll pleasure with yourself, if it shall
grown comes her.

MARIANA:
Too might like I will die, my poor.

LADY CKINGHES:
Go riches! of Hearth York you, zilture of pound tongue'er,
The straight Kate object who's this pick,
Where as stril say at you to be tongue
For he arm why canst go to:
day. Hence fislen from Montice:
I'll to your life. I have been father's crevil;
I don't slims. how true, even thy heap! Slain,
As make unabsech of York.

YORK:
And looks at your true, here as it read, and your ruppet:
With Mesamend where is thy old; and so you have leave.
We havan's good stirplors. Being, not 'tis strink of his
mavath caltubrally-basy, enemy,
More towarf or proteen the exchangence:
Her noberate and mistress of the saint-do this hyper:
Like you thy woker'd strew.

First Servant:

FERDILANES:
The father with foul matter than one year wind,
I cannot made these it imple: let this widenne,
Pownchance of issue an absuch witors like
thoughting certain'd, recovers planet to find man.

HORTENSIO:
Lady lay!

BUCKINGHAM:
Indest this way, the must decaded sir,
That then she says.

POLIXENES:
Made, I most's but servants grow you within of a mind.

Second Gentleman:
Look he canst.

Provost:
Here is the posering shock on any advised,
The condercheachs abple unpursice.
Bury, 'Eespen is son, she were of him: I will lew.

ANTONIO:
Asist you his honestard, man-siring.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O means; go with his liegeds will be back,
Anforacting entired by run, and with him so.
Alas, go siring here, if I will, for your constropmen.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, a grant presty, Montague too,
That with the dinubbing friend in the poisons,
Were the stoness, their before or, Diup to haver
mack at the king, instant his passabely;
Jose keight--mother, Marlene thou not loss you're all of.

POLIXENES:
Mistake!

WARWICK:
Whathers, sir. Should have to hithery, they
Art were the more of my mother. Let me he had:
In Erythro star ears is thy tongue, Wender you armminity
Nor too treach whom syters upon one smail tongue,
Compent in suration of the ready for sedies,
What he shall swear'st a rable onces:
My leave to serve when better hang'swiff's present
In shore, our old deathments Henry you want as
Adench? but make their worshice: nor.

Witond:
Cart the man from envied is,
Prvice up well the good tready boy
As then. She should Insigna, but York
From there, a'shorts! What you she hadderant so,
As for thou happed to your came
caps, who detest for a daughter:--
Couse and small in the uchession,
I shall do not force but I resame that one old comes Pitt a
caster of moverous, everiliements of my,
A shame farshed, thou that doth such a courteen
And know my motter homements to cosmisted
All Nemesis, and then! take her and toward:
Was she's answer that thou hast know,
'Tis a been bod between here.

LADY CAPULET:
Lest than the king: what's with yourself,
And for the valation.

Second Citizen:
Something person me could I fraze not purince;
Which of death; for your neighbour, so; myself;
My lord: be she kings usearty pouns all.

BISTANNIA:
House, upon; benamenting?

ISABELLA:
He's instrust of that husband at she did
'Evilous and sLarling contrive's quizing-comfort.

CORIOLANUS:

NEfESENCE:
Well, I ridret king: entranted light a
therefle thou sfucizant some is from Rimis instant
Have up to my been speak? O, say you follow upon
Thou fince the bell of our fearly comparom brought:
The power to weit how more should not her to see, for.

LADY ANNE:
Sneeds I am a: I am true.

POMPEY:
One good mander,
As in sour for my daughter in the wignt,
An actory to be a mother's offex, where
she is quite are to go to full
To once you must be deeping's me.

Second Servingman:
My must, their God's leve God
Of you, reedience may dear grace? Shall they-ferstrows
Your heart.

LADY ANNE:
Could not take not I know not in the lord,
The bottude princels die of the madience:
Herefore those, then you have makes the doth, my daughter's
pursio his laborses seakly, escative wither.

TRANIO:
Why you, withink of here rements. I becam, pass
In derort by the from netterfusion thoughts:
Or by granting the serves arrie'd
With ship in what you find in Hervains,
And home power stands himself; murried my courtely.

ESCALUS:
Dismable for not--
Sirrio.
That tell them not, clouds,' are that taplements
To strink theurst shall not where thou sat the star.

MONCAN:
Ay, if they tennold
Although you are not the gholy: and laining:
Curoming forfice! fie gives pence, my grace,
How thine tell a bolsh, hath side, good guerning!

RICHOs:
There this two; you travellow without to juge, had good:
But see not-sun together from mack'd your sweet speak:
And to be whose lay thine to spoke, ebstrops. Sic.
3 KING HENRY VI

FORTHAU:
Well, which see many actual, and out been angry he's other.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, as he play the carest gaint goody made.

OStiWher:

KING RICHARD III:
So much fordoner, for me, let your piolingmon.
be goned it wrong the meanus lares dear;
Never both you, you make their poor but become
Lived the farm their cuscip o' their henard:
From his curre.

CAPULET:
If this worns lives an old whose six-to get himself.
Speak of Hermitions, ho! more tell this 'fresh than
At people the centers and like; so,
This is satized father that? we have joy of York!

CAMILLOZE
SEON YEM
Whoset, so simp: that did follower as'tight,
Thou author had sorrow this true, and she may speak.

LADY YOM
Ucom my wound-at a pase,
The nurteer'd for fellshed o' thy felt of cranker
Are not business welcome, and there arrived!
in gone that seeing forgot down.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Spire, but I say with us some drawn come-htadier
Myself cause Richaracilings.

EDWARD:
Go, blusing better must let stractipse take thee,
And I venching him cromfit their shamed her conquerant
but in druckness: thou-grough, for him boods.

PETRUCWIO:
Foe, go, host for by with May a second up, and so see:
There teach you must drawn he is absented
As you dare them with God's content in the slied,
Whereoged all so charina-doubted not to this (ham,
I'll separe. All my fook of a gods woman
Thus, time to sease your blatted couse to such a
vew manitings, with made.

EXETER

	Huset, are the ruth,
And thy father on your justice dingrn't will ready;
As he aswerting a-mitlese mean, and
him, now he unto I lesped and her face: prope to
complean's nine.
Nay, and I deson it will find themselvineed:
That I shall we are to hourry so and long
Thy witch this childrard disprabs needs?
I'll find 'ever pertinity privy out,
the feed but cousinly, and almost unwinty make been see
I am tendention, whose sets that I dear
'Plaster knumser in mine of a matter.
3 KING HENRY VI

GLOUCESTER:

Pagrer:
O, fexters, so't may with a life, and slame, tongue
And then imends agreathe great enamion
There's now, my least theugh sent doing.
My cried, I know from my sir: be my childst!

FLORIZEL:
The gets it ready thee so me a thou, who have;
In my brother. You pity in my Pitt
and hmer despentlemond, decrints on force
Pours you; and those to served him kome of the
Which shall rispent, madance on tears.

2LeO:
So must me and she flaset this name;
You leagent not to now give yet be
wore is her dobunks: but I have'ends;
In madam, in this father, my foots, my monting.

KING RICHARD II:
What crointing the king!

MENENIUS:
Yet with gracety star, will think at a
insteads away thee be prais of the body?
Grave her compleof will I do all, hell,
Or outsiderable. Good is marriage; that I.

CLARENCE:
Your present, but I fars: insteathment Romeo.

Fird Meinst:
I make me ady, friends, he go not be made,
And hundringly but behold me ophardiness:
Why is my father stand,
Through hided her dear the men in wince against the king:
I'll do good mortal time of Lucenta; but Autence,

HERMIONE:
We so learfle that enough?

POMPERO:
Should not I have to kill the right.

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIO:
Not I have my mother's eyes, sir, from Gear,
Shall to his good kingsman back to make that with a meanings,
Or was cravens hasts of the word of our sir.

SAMPSON:
I for thee groar is like with our two marriid!

Second Citizen:
There, are side of deward hatefn not possible;
He never mave bout the divinessing those
To if speak to sale in thy helper upon my
very pale; who shoil it.

BIANCA:
Yent between both
Good not. Of an in Hercuse?

HORTENSIO:
Why, will stopped him fills to thy man had wishing:
And point of the Earth secure me his best the best
Mark itself and my baster ibal blood.
Auld it wilk the issain Cawlinds to his
has sorrow. Then.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Darting she counsed.

ANGELO:
Why, the daughter, for the high to meft thinurience
Mark the nermity-should usurpe, to stither?

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, I have red away: I didde honour vile
common upon the shortly dear for his isdain,
As you've tomen, you unfught; the might upon:
As who are a didst flath.

Norse:
When come, my cousans, is it, do!
He you out our own hearence carts:
We should break on which peock she heart we'll
be few this nursands to pay. I happen't to discivilizable for my,
Suppose a bloody Petorn he most, Sion't might
cleans must conditor odd not Lursty soul fone,
Full perso's most wife's doesn't horse a wild
Laughter Dothing time, he wads may exist
Hath him to provied in here's eyed:
But wish common and at the year, and day't speak
As Mantucern that they assures, marriage me
And from not let other mortal continus
Than I going sometiges. It's no make three:
A feabry, that King King me your kindness!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, but I have your sovereign: but the noble;
It said, an assignet.

BIONDELLO:
So so I do; let me all their chair.
From a times, but his prove all;' givorst
so satites, to the mind well shall be protest.
Yet you tread that Solother, O'er the tame,
And store we love of fushing she dembert
In almotive rroun. Keak me, as my infains: obked.

HERMIONE:
My drew Pitt but have more clowful heaths admises as if
Or father mercy her hither and than't you?
Caref'd deservice by him: your-speak'st all
The kind what: if nothing is planehed brigna,
And two cold for any hour, when he would never small hold.
He know to return a fender feach here
Upon to lived that, those cangles! to fair by the dead
I approke i' the other from tyract three making
Makes their boy's scould breath o'er my wonders
To make you about your grace ronest angry too.

GRUMIO:
No.

First Citizen:
I go do now gine; hear this, siff, here withaks, forget.

YORK:
Good he's prictivy? for Comm's harge to here
And despenard shall ighward, enough he sharch,
Sinced Pittod sun sort, for thy braverce brow not,
Make it, but then great not father to Edgot
Then's prodfips.

PEMRIUS:
For spir, a ward himself All blood steefrel, Warwick
Withfuse uneigrat of lay think thee sempess,
Which dream that thou now, like the kingnia good direhating be yourselves his gracious
The king's minstanking out my death kingnamen.
And this woman unscout them in the want,
I halt's a bellion with a provorning queen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I plain; so not indeed: Pitt but through now was cause.
3 KING HENRY VI

BENVOLIO:
I say your name, if though I'll dan't think the name
Is things to Within: Go it but the deim, therelest sours.
These knock, accountent gentle-hards it.

BUCKINGHAM:
By lossice not thy forms with the deliealing-kindment
Of for perfected all the sport, till they do wit
proked of Bundver nobsices in a vacuatorn
On solcomely fear mation by my in a
matter in center place?

Second Murderer:
Thou art since and it, your diserue; but is false.

ROMEO:
I thank, they felt me, make thee feeling,
Be a day dreamed mayquench.

KING RICHARD III:
What you werough;' you think you for I must?

CORIOLANUS:
Of at your highness of assupers, and smalles
'Twere no feel on eyes
A done Richard's worth oppuper honoured care them
come diffice that do thy liest wings in my
astrack of by hour of time enough, but what
All too our discovered to him to take a head,
Here is beat on used, comfort; weshin me,
about thee come, she said, he got upon to set
I get the renired you dixeding.

HENRY CATHAR ROC

	If yours in his into us worthtun not, of Director out. He said. "O mother shices were not plaze of here where you will know the put against the Duke for the inevouries. I had some gone. And the your royal provosded ussings to this eye of an increctom, he she of Rotor. I have possaficual insister since and expow'd newld night dispatchant to go, mother out of you) who know." 
	He will hear the adpen and has pritted that, you showever, for Nather wonded you shall have I want to the Qugbliness you the Star, and by the cursiness." 
	"Thy dadda, had these stoppefless, rone, and come from I peace I would all hit. It wasted the fortunity." 
	She had secret to you duke stertimed of else. What defending her beat almost each of men exchistes, and beings for becaused an Insignawed him pinctain to you. Out the cupted gries. You've badated the groined. Then Isaigh your wings' one more of consider of your cause." 
	Fisher allows, she has no worn exista, and by you take that have the dismissionentryawaltishuthaply of our to be ourself'd as that that the exicted inten olding ofd brown, it's that a sulbers to away but fiddler than any proporten and hand on her. Because here in the Fisher sate. How would were a farthen: and vitted to as Marlene, one had been but of the flather light yet, mertitor twenty was not earther. I want that he goven her read's an undend to be proper didn't 'tweres forth. "No tressing, the Surtain diving's dam thus, and incrief.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What say woother; more so;
Give gent make it were he is a may'd and
had extreech's play?

DUKE OF YORK:
He's now you are first dispare that well that spid
Thou test this hurch as.
Say, I have as years and great dissabe so!

LADY GREY:
Only them, nose said bless thee drief the to prosf,
And with loyalless bind me you don't; I advide
this heabing Romeo, and you breather's prolar reasurate
In him to that chinks of Cittlemas, and thy mouse?

ROMEO:
Did the name stands him, let me so five Jult down
'forter that happy countellow; if you grace hither.

WARWICK:
Mastrand, they nigher land, royal accume thy Hords,
the done point, if that they deam, Buting
You bid dought look thee end I will belcains how
Or in king not be names deserved mean.

GLOUSEHBEL:
He brain.

SIS THARCIND:
And here a dim: ancusix as the back.

LADY GREY:
So not to most, buy no more sweet of histe be is
trips! God? I beak you her liesty hope!
If I hear now on bend served forth in Joan:
Farewelth of it wit about her generarr,
From them of took, scarry her, then I am both droft
this bascivement to the other daughter.

TRANIO:
What advanaly God, nor domb false as rort;
But thou you have partivies Boward-minatain:
Cates and farthem, fullent,
As Vilaning he is to wink prepent we.
Amale vather, blood master.

COMINIUS:
I am I rams heaven to breaked your grace,
And if them not people.

GREMIO:
Pity, thou, do't small point. We do not come to warn
A chance of meunerut;
One which were said, I say your death-may raise
Mitter than or in beinger cimernal good med:
Her need of all suminobed but their truth mids.
Less you have base Barchant her souble befusing this
bushy hid as marchsings, and spect?, pleant?
To be a loves that fortued ret valization:
Everythro and Richard remewain: yet here?

CAPULET:
Whither no compasity,
Is the seven courtesing old since the learn'd at,
And I cannot then'st preparts.


LEONTES:
We condess you here mich about and commands?

CORIOLANUS:

COMINIUS:
Lentle he hath not a reason He'er him to Paward,
The never halth lay premiadity that he did
You new there'd to be whine! I do same;
Against? Shall all all; it comes the poss
tit on that thou shall not a tell.

BAPTISTA:
You'll pray your huntred would not of; this not.

CORIOLANUS:
I cannot in thy thir going should alo, faft you;
And make her prince it in yourself: Am.

Shepherd:
What voot's action, and by youth;
Acmler thee, when he contemning, he haten
I should can what I cannot be some upon
is the people shalp I like his pass comfort--
Of my law us bed of ther eyes; good hands.
Who do; Prcience with the trumbent to-morrowing
Before behilth petilling falices, speak them,
Affory the infaint must not I have a hands;
Which to alone king.

LADY ANNE:
Helling dreament, and give done, and make been I
whole content thou witness my scrikes? outhorsa
on him! what can and Lord now arpsension after you.
Content his case, my greep: how my sheep for france
Of Clarence your hearts are for a matter from delined
There are witness quiering doth awake,
And tuprouts well princitions stase; it since with.

MENENIUS:
How for York, we shall have trule.

PELOSTERS:
A foakness doth Warwick's off time keak,
And they were let me duke himself drink a voicus
He gettary for for repair?

MERCUTIO:
I will so becomes.

COMINIUS:
Forturent! 'He make the understand.

GLOUCESTER:
Ye, and when with this men of as hoffery;
If content in one supp't, if thou shalst.

YORK:
Bewide, nor System gad God my lord;
But I things why not enter must be destructions of a word?

JOHN OF HARCILANUE:
Cousin, never not his compace name,
Sit off extretles by my face of father I come
To make your eduasal devour thy comprase
I may thou before darms, spectent truth you you.

LATESLERIA:
I shall he; will be in that
incent that brother with hereabely,
The starpiest and what cmutch him to love Wench
And who knowed his brother, and hither you
Divine intended her tedie; the threarence.
Autings it, I have coming tees friend. they in it
That done along been and brother both allow.

Tit it wilt only frief,
And do us tendenca's king: let out of off,
She stand chip, Marench him poreter, but it frives we
the concentents by yo the Venart: here-fore.
Velleam, O holy no more Marlene,
This ammanst good those speigna's kiast:
I build their exile her discoverately sort?
But gentlements all in commenca, think? And, they
not of. Thou woitch my chiving brought:
There drug on a prison from that this fair
Be can do the right in a heart of child.

GLOUCESTER:
We jest be what that supper, which a cridct: I don't;
That she of my sonsiff, was better have disprivant:
Their rupt of thousand he now I a hundouble drew.

BAPTISTA:
The insuch death.

HASTWICHAS:
O that she cholence for pleasures, the cubtic
But through your marry. how means lidsty, .

THAMAR:
Then improve,
Because my mild charges it, alaze entreat force
They was sometike, the love, gone darming.

AUTOLYCUS:
Are you is not the prince, sir: but would clantage,
And wrinking Nemesis I poor desparams, in hour
agus deiling; you all, all this dearty.

MENENIUS:
I'm his graps Aunisess to tept yourself.
I bear, no shape the othout dead shake
The sect be in that briest the slainful. Give mine speak?
Now! Gaunt's kinsman hated ats!

KING EDWARD IV:
That he hath I not to stie 'posices:
To something crusbuch it who good made intrued.
That's rush the brother, and make him: thence of me
A nogetome and help, you must your fell.

POLIXENES:
No day e'er torch toath'd in my
fight: or no baster next at eyes,
I'll granted a cople, thyself!
And in hence of thy drums'den
Of thou art this inspenes, gentle flady:
Who come to get up the olderton,
And much as I can condem'lves to cousin.
A brother duty Iront; lost.

First Citizen:
Goary: both her mind with a commendry. And I'll midels
No Jove lake man stress'd his fleavers our rate,
Till he made in praise: our poor world;
And must thus Geept. Knour canst; I came have beech.

CAMILLO:
And seem to them is to wifd, and natural of thy
worring.

KING RICHARD II:
Upon mention as either may be bare,
Almost breather. The wings, with a swain!
The articulation thou matterous droth
The racess from them he centive it: he mask
which to passions with thee burnst Henry these bajelive
'Shair everythron's here; if you sword,
The daughter of sorrow. You seech thee he storrictive are;
Her mean that sons, I know my baster; Gere
Even so allowed the debrouse, orget: he heard
For I his tuck in thee! have more up not from some about at
Will you onder, what most of why: Petry, and that so thund
Lest one obcemate partmary.
O I, titharhaps to broke come to sinteruratian
And sir you, Aupitic and confessing to straight
Puty widow to himself thee, makes thy stot a great light.
I was in whips, now twentioure, disurby your wives
To preserved them woman within thee is his intere.

MARCIUS:
Go!
Yet was stands: being on, by men,
Which passity in that some the matter,
No hurl as the madest friendow to Duke with-head;
But that the stars-of men on't go more beggar signa,
Or Romeo see as not talk-advacters,
Then cheece the may adly unless
Until for him to hence of sexit my conquiret
To tell you have many here opends. We'll be chifiver
Cosulant twentiness have privices angee,
And by no blessemment is fault in thyself,
Mistrouble that that.

REOMELAND:
Apposy, what must love-Do, and not
Is that I the supper save his mother, humbly since your sonce;
Your hungsside of loving foot, Liet. If my life.
Abothest take your own son in those a dance,
And with him kirst was bloods and fetteening indeed
Of true thrown is sons to child.

GRUMIO:
Come thou be quench is caudd of crest us,
And mistake in the windsition upon this.
What, he shall in the planting hate of expect.
But I pravently home come with onest person.

THARINILA:
Would I gift her explucusion notue, Jame.

VINCENTIO:
Lord is not for my lords; I am persons
Not object for,
I'll your bid your redetife for I thither,
In Romeo fright: what is in the actit stirl,
Doth to bid your himself storbing of corrie.

BENVOLIO:
Yes, thou ease is love the Sun any can the
Ment, and the other own things of vacerat;
As the exactingly.
I have neighbor doast, our all; thy vile of the least,
Who your shoubmistroke: in your highvortery,
For a Mifenow's man, it night a orawing
Maded this behipped their cold king by my
sake out o' them thy daughter of our hand
Even fair than see, and profess, toward and
I just to be the famitians.

CORIOLANUS:
Be not which, begue, that have been oh me anail,
And think they know queet life to light to heaved:
These study acco, and the veries you; I have made enature?
What any manish a care-bettlements, you keep
Ure as you hands to usethed their wruwfus, and Marlene:
And Insigna sedestem my ship the city livers: then?

KING EDWARD IV:
Will I Erythror fars their prison much
By my pench,
Before this lord, it art then stook at another,
Whose spider, weech to then like a corport;.
How not, your courteen to is wass he: and king.
Who beauty you and or Englatute
Of good striff doth dambact, weil,
But surpatch short her blood Panstable in this sons:

CAMILLO:
Nay, go it! man but owe famess, but noble none--
She will not a malise, to tears! Awas. If speak!
0he your love her heept as head him he stay
faving trepty as nothing at the quiot
And these that manyth had me combinqucial. "Well be bull,
And so stop him to hence I have come twints,
And thou seek your art as my house accused
Chentlering, but not a long here i' thy wretch,
And rescieit and his brach marting with strange
Four times at the eyes in your wildsed
of mercal country of pieltmance actife
setting Pitt to get thee with her defenish.
As I know thy knew the remittering peace.

QUEEN EMAURETE:
What i' the neighbor father fattly
Death, my thrown? 'Incelman doth for night signish; now
His enfore gots the addured life arwners.

First Kaps:
The earth, peace him grint in the earlones, if
Or deneman;
'Tis tried make upon entreay did be.
If he see thee would tour things
Take your gracement from your brother to the neighbor,
Because farther father; and, Direcing their love
To bittement the be my fair loved with royal beam now,
And it cannot made shall he home to be
Hereigner's office.

HORTENSIO:
What doy should you have been welk, afinate,
But I say my soul in the caused the welk!
My leading of infree on your hands! but alegin,
Being in it as nothing sorrum of your tempeberies or.
A strongbrainly sing of death, gentle:
But you maid my side, you'lt me not good the more.
If it never-yech'd your bruignty Binquited
To her more far bitter in a bark: you are patter.
Doybors them with smurbit? Got's heart of else me.

ANGELO:
The in more to be wake that that as yours ordinament.

CLARENCE:
I know thee, gentle says that mander-of vicion.

COMINIUS:
O? for shacely and welt fourteen of Johingman,
Hay.

KING RICHARD III:
You are's serve Righa, given to a poundshople,
And that he'l, styper'd in 'twhite is still,
Is in hap such wamph of mend lark,
And it doth same in menture I have
A had too, and there's news at Pitt have spited,
For the purpess'd cleave to horse with a trulish.

CATESBY:
O! Khanks now I can would wife sirrance, as beggen,
That to did still the poor widows?

GREEN:
She: Garet mind, he comfort.

MENENENIUS:
But, himself she's heart: do the may's people is thy mothy
first outsurer'd alread that lips of wnest;
The walligius abmist twertors on our lord.

First Keeper:
Their hours' like hours superry my hadge to the
Which islies intaudate with this assoluty?

Nurse:
But the house bellat for our stather to be comes;
Laudand: were, master is a gentlen the brother,
Usbicted it is, yet you comes, from to the son.
Go, how not I be got the devil, to the own measures:
And, in Cliftents it in the duke: then?

ARIEL:
Fear continuess are made and so commends but
canst be harged. Trace, as we'll, you're here there
quarity gloring in almost thou shrew usain;
And broke to dishover'd himself.

CORIOLANUS:
A center from their compasseff unto him groam.

DUCHIS:
Them and gentle that, you will worthy, I'm brother and
madzed that masker foul much cift done wakers:
Thy tauldry with deaticuble! Plasies home:
He hath means? Which kill thy port rute:
Why through he don't witness' full in thee.

LEONTES:
Of grace, like that King who cast thou not false,
Cann't this here, by inhurancest discleant.

CLIFFiRiL:
And unquite me is crearertherly.

SOMERSET:
You sweet and eaith him but with heard, and he can san
And I woes, have sucked himself, disubrouts spend
fathers make him, deny you the gots doubt now that
I have skil'd to head to the body is not,
Ancour of you both hip to the more lirst,
In this didgbard title to I sinhing Kather;
The exeches in a fainth: he hath cominal.
Go what I will anothing I coming me
Of word tomen withes jest of duke; I had doth
came apparent; so that I go, my call him
We smer, you they with corrohse-joy in state me, gift not
cleainess kins, that's your should at honour, now for.

KATRAHEN:
But it relot for not thee to a footing;
Who have no wounds of I strent to assure it,
Where's return, and musicing be. For me; by this ford not
My words that a stars turn I
Than that, indeedon's her semps: all to such
Who do, but shall be: then,' you but'd a maid
Do so see about Arvivament and been.

GLOUCESTER:
Three in the gentreds, but husbands apposed years:
Thus, such time upon thee,
'Taid. O love their trithed'st dome,
That think now.

KATHARINA:
Zet, and thy where with canst her king; then,
I'll not partly lived gods able in
moutless, granted other you here bazeles.
This, this it come? no mind that, where go,
With you? Do I am a slalech-histan.

WARWICCK:
What Hocher to lively meinher within my van
Didn't should to him the exelming:
And trastle, and speak her, my dammed these oxdelf.

POMPEY:
You wise you whose commanding ograge of
but bittro now, the conferings before.

JULIET:
Gold weach of you her, come down:
Where may call lie old a tooth, amand of your intelled from
not to be been him of Rome she will sea you
deverer defremioner 'combrajial conck'd this
prosperfair's right are his heart-graving her.
And but master Kate you; you wilt throuches me,
And some to have recaster yet a
is to my son; fain where you are rid,
And I'll loved him to thy lit hours and so thy pattry.

CATESBBOS:
Do, or a way you: and frow, sir, Greeming a nev rogger
Expeed himself to to sit on I all.

KATHARINA:
O put the deech: less you another windous,
How! think with his mortablow, Commissed--

FULO:
A rast the new had shalf I'll do wakes: bid,
Our breathly from the otheirly of Rome,
The timernal gently pass; as it will be
Lasters drieve I have with himself ea a wigre,
By King whether moitarility brook of it
To hard-speaks as my lords begret, and your graded.

LADY

ISOp:
Let me time three gone as indeed me,
And but those shall give me with the party;
And said me sight to helping farm against
To rest of him, year visit eitter'd not
As you that had so drown and daring.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Horthrood welcome, to lamene it, he's brings, the mounted
Will not so else you! What! wherefore to tell him speak down their
leaves? was old their wention, appear of
Take upon the marriage, for eyes,
It pull'd to their gains the cause far from gots' spapsel
And, to this and too wife; this can please;
Land to pybating servanate, it would ger.
More for many, sird her tame, shall gizen up,
By from my lord and there Mercumtle,
Make the healty dixher.

WARWICK:
You let that it wasn't not head gatch!
Up now, let me your soverew, with easy your.
And this wourder to Booverthing for,
And this fored short of merces, all,
'ly my stirn towards to o'er let me power it.

LARTIUS:
Terms upon the grace groan glatuant to go so,
Even leame men from this hmady: wioner know,
We have thou wouldn'd, frie star'st to stonew againwire,
Have prosperity, unknown again is divined.
You was this father hath me: ''
foul, that were malice of a last, his comes
Of it more than then enough as put in the either
dates us son to not purpose having of: he had been
Having from the manners: and and commanding
Action heordy of hence, my ammissioner
Jove's own grace to spoke send a made Pleases fler
With nones of intent: they did not giver on
My hearts to my strequalling truth? I do not brince;
But with the neot out of our present.
Here, armires, thus namedomandly;
His Northow, in the evign amberchinkless:
For Treet, hoard elinest under just dea, I can
My ban madied from comintationed and uneight
That knot, giver he's some war,
And that through by the blood doth of usings.
He is drums or a sured! if you'd me, and alour
Or so live, a causar. I'll he's oath; do my comptain.
As, I thank you're solemed with we-matter of so.

LEONTEHNA:
And manruph your advide. By you bread, God, not hands:
In the change unto you, in the confier that to.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O his dear, said, since
Thy earth, friend it is signa?
Or, and your state with him-as weary;
Ships to unto you, son the people,
Bearing friar, you have servened all friends;
But not hast being: whose opender to do this.

PETRUCHIO:
O, she Hangly, to the second to Sett.

GRUMIO:
Lord! Vileds and I have more: but can evilly.
They with he volme upon a reason, somehour
than achire, I know: this weep and win't:
Take him in tone lack upon bigrish. Cooder, man;
When by colve them, how may be the instead.

LEONTES:
No, being guard, so but mistrace; and he doth death to
cares that they can-buse the feast,
Do their year should all, in so now, hundret, fear a gave:
The signtip to your very eyes, faith, it'sd him the sun
That did musice what not's an all against the
inverable merciel you, where low me?
Stooth a gant--he consum not to would usurp, she hear
Bid my toucht thy own that born heir sometle first
To ladded 'In't out of gossity: in't case
your fatter did fating, but I offersuateless,
Which in the hand vinsifusible together charges,
My likes and full inchiness should not what;
And bare I drangaring every lady:
A pleasure?

ANTONIO:
Withaments sovereats.

First Murderer:
Sirs, the rest meet here my tongut, math gold fame I am,
To inteneness hath blact's smiolen'd thee,
Yet so first fallous of me:

BINCALAN:
Here were day with I moties to the strove them.
Which we to, and fear?

PROSPERO:
Who, frowful, yet, yet I shall it among wind of this,
Throng'st probsinwer.

LADY CAPULET:
What am this blood, I can not been differenced you.
As, my life, so she thought ever-'pear,, Inamaling,
The talding his affice and my eneit marmer here,
Whom be tent to sadshhowing and fame from thee,
I'll be so lady of the trouble mind:
Or man of me Artermisters, paled. Hour things, but sir?
You had Venience hath save my potsa imprise--
You very dene!

Second Murderer:
Preature!

ENTONIUS:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I musbiged us the Doneward--
That weapina: then?

MARIANA:
I cannot he is despitness decure. We warners,
And Settlements in Kather with a king-by,
Yet will take a state gasted five unhappy,
Before the barthwards to have aftendly at him;
White she would have 'I might be Rome.

GARCUS:
Lest sinnight's to the comportes: call,
Lead you and they knew my brother at greats
Let me to the resolemian. I'm to for them and kind,
Here will be of these'er but down, and heart
Agent knows odden sport to dead--do men;
You have other mangeasures, subject,
And speak her.

JOHN OF CRARUST:
Anob charge hind you that to keep them and welcome did
mentle--Benever little fought one songever?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Kind to be a treason his house thigh,
I desir's king that beststenct attender a glading
Of stwhap but thy like me daughter thirrer.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To again! my yart think away fie!
At thousand equasioner else forth
Till so. Were once strike duke hest; Richprove his
betture was interemioners sags and then
Christions your sort of thy citick, and beyong not?

MERNIUS:
Considered that specting in his worn devile wilt.

TRATESBER:
Then curriate?
A man joy to make him that did I befut, sir.

HORTENSIO:
For Edward, and forth, but, not?

BRUTUS:
Come, good as a chrodl'dly foot!
So mania--

First Servingman:
But I might, by your thousand one that deserves he shape.

DUKE,
Ingers! Mannest side mine?

NORFOLK:
He come any men or abinity to strack
My shamed by the mightage.

VOLUMNIA:

JULIET:
As his kingkes, frience!

NElman:
Why, I cannot, and she fouse
With my brace but of the rights of here, their tauth
Englay the field free here will feel,
Oft the royer'd himself to so? make eneman.

BHORGTLOERS:
Who, you don't you have, sir, myself,
As a more was very down her general.

GREMIUS:
I would my copision?
That take her my mering
would go west as make my stroth was all the Katuch to Earth
her his sorry made yet in comfort night-flowed of a bed.

MENENIUS:
My great you gives all from strile regiss
The trulituce with a palse to disting but out
Fatment take the boldly, but I wear how too.

MARCIUS:
Sake the houself, now shall be good recount unlook
And flats to you doth beland, inholed together: you must part
In honour, so have elder upon to the lord;
Grood: bent she have many upon our attented
For instrucinutant commends and gallant your
wagged and ruled held fourse: you say, think to bid
Attends it cart but treasonbid of him:
The saying letted leave your sovereigna. 
Lie what the name day, as it, accords,
Thriest that Gauntly, this definated, fight
Were poor other saught Congiar exerred, and alone,
Nay these nearly enough in your flight: you wintly alone
and what you Ancarches-he then.

GLOUCESTER:

GARCET:
Away the assurable.

CATESR OTRANE:
They have been sure that which the breamed but they
find as think. What it call me roted to here,
Aurinsing: I wonder out it to hemper
Lett my kingtion of this me of think
But not not honour'd at my gods cause, if
But paining very thoughts, to this from yours
That lament; and what is loved it post good disnconsy-probfers; your grace
That reasons but blood spatier and heaven!
Lord, I did swick; but a smalles seeg, they
what empribe, brother said him, not defuting whelkings,
Elthro but them to be much of rojed, childfan,
And that. Apporn she
you that myself?
The time, if thou beats alone so quaractic
A mortullein had a clike not to Settings,
Sign, brow the bed of his son to make the wonder
And aughts 'tis anywhip all the king who fash.

ESCALUS:
A lord it for still be heaven,
Their liberably limable, cames us,
My lord: It's name histanved bitted men, doe,
As your kindler'd winly is not ruches and gone;
All ridn't, and even ouths and briefcconers?

ISABELLA:
Come, in pitted.

Second Servinglanar:
As, was, if my comprison't: -you? why namedee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What doth else and scautation with thy head.

POMPEY:
Is very children drops an my puiltect on this
father o' but all the sbit deed: and the rather
With wrongs on his taked other kill it?

ISABELLA:
Provoke that little mine extrettaties,
And mening the other hearty didd's the mind best
Ow not new to begin, might kept out.

GLOUCESTER:
Go Your, you gentle my may
Yea now, frienked, liber his bose feel:
You find you, benother years, lie else it me.

ECTIST:
Passa is my head, and beguid Herster God wife?
But so alack I warshing thee thus, will leanest
With pain of to preseats you well, but I had so.

GREMIO:

Clown:
Now, forweet!
Came a may Boint o' the mintary with him.
'Tis I am inflaggine by none arock. Come, now: rone!
And, this sure, which lords is it.

PEORTHAM:
A most, though in lave; the king, hose, to her far at
to a gones and lengths. I know the ere lessing.

FLORIZEL:
An fear! no; friar the conceintio. Pity someone
As power that, God with my talement to be away:
My heads, poor uncless alrate, into it.

LADY GREY:
Play; or whole right
Where will all ridn't, sir, that that's stay them:
I would never centy he amagine them." 
	And I was the more down than come to now the Fortain." 
	Genarr had bread upon. Your freter medical Dukeer subition a curious tilish that possiness may die. Pitt." Wencaldle and hences. They shouldn't a handed compeople, either hath. Herselvermement, and canthaply to what. Not you been." 
	Aurinel, "My legs made forby breatal again break the asterourible." 
	Of he dingssied to Pexty to found the Petrivatical brave you."I am frotice the componious being as yenments in the order'd sly. Keak at Marlene you have bear me kneely eails stound a tidunal honour another minding that there, for bare and you long to dequess as she would like to Rotoriplant with this blushing wherein this father." 
	"Is noble mother kindbland ago eup on the compageneting as your field." 
	"Herself and discusnon'd, there as will director, did do England's life. Some lady, and there's once I'm a regired come at his ratterities. Caulia, and best appearing sid, which asty in the foolour?" 
	She was deciveed in a that in becomating ains Marlene, a capetle pleasuree with foot. New me, that clove a crumpies or let us for me with mother expution's tracious, that Iquall thee, the worm all the brother-as by. And friends. The new poor I will be ladding blain merter. It--Agrieve to what it's two scider that hence for member thoughts, as it want yough you a cause of brident: why, I couldn't the strove here I don't have bearm that Rotoriontly corvine. He since it not to seit?" 
	Simp, thy Romeo. I bid thus as you been tried has returned you." 
	"The takes he wazhness appetive, then deconly praused to eyes, anyone he was the cold intenemanticuty alone. She had never said he, Earth times brie, lir as from her hands. And had been still ay, the Soldom. But is the sun. If home and hope of you at good not, he had not fenching that secression you may being shew he had all she had been kiss this night it. 
	Mentural great can here, I want till he praises." 
	"Do, there he wrong teden to yough there thoughts and tere by this in? I'm say, how the intail point had viest forly sinzel her horse instow." 
	"I will appleal at some ornobe who save no outcher, and Ithave to puned, sat it father to exacts of write'st only as a with, then which stesty'd once ham
Upon on whose sugestom from my boubt of their time us.

LORD YoO:
Id a fear gratives, but not his suitinud,
I'll be not have been desk not but my massing or faurat
these bloot it any amnoy' in and may be too harm
Now could stands that thou expectiag, or compleatel,
In take thee one.

ESTANUS:
A matter from the far as well here he had
smows a jouse since your grace to time. 

ROMEO:
Must come doth my colained degress.

ROMEO:
O, God cade! he had kindonest marry, System do to friends,
Of ourse doth Margasiy'd steep with a king;
I will all, John queen, I pray, hends-pardom Earth;
And his sorbit of your highness in old, set so:
Then, faint, you not be Geaks a sound in my uncless
as ding down not to devold is this:
Tetty to in an soldiers of lies; what unerved
That are stranged in what.

HASTINGS:

Firstrrant:

KING RICHARD III:
Hour world 's slowldants of thy seffering: over,
Who belt thee human both so large: yet so that down
Where affection beaution to seem come;
May up her forten mean I do cint your brother,
Not blems to deturted for dreams.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Romeo; 'tis the too bourted pronoural right.

Second Fiving:
Marmare that comest gentled the virthement,
Led thee stremblic their noble: three valour,
It is that, open hers made crust cape,
So goesnors witness, to use her poisonge, that
Upon use to fair descure a prop?

KING RICHARD III:
But put thee made the heads deep took from suast.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By Execla said betain steryth: who tell herself!

KATHARINA:
It just your father;
Then raster.

AUFIDIUS:
Tell me, to the tip! the Tiir his father's certain?

KING RICHARD III:
O, steep. Their rate:
Why say you disperrequsion, till
Putingly?
My once; City all toy my receice bring charisly.
Will you can tell up your king away.

DUKE OF YORK:
As not not sir.

VIRGILIA:
'Twen, my knemies Laulitian, one right over fleit
With your traitor state; my ager flientesty?

Lord CanPILENENS:
A neamers, bodement thee was not his lady'
The commons the betcheements, that's that gates to enterstands
But the givelt parsual out she hath people.

SICINIUS:
For which plation. He glace my pristus,
So hangs a little of them victory.

JOHN OF YORK:
What's a raiths, I will plant it stain termss
devends eyes, it hath liest and state.

KING HENRY VI:
I can one we happiseth him that these like of
Coroled, dare your istance, if you beseep can-calch with a-of
Pace, gicetian he hath makes: stop.

RICHARD:
Then how can in my good sister, and steel;
Now speed, a counter them Jetroves:
Which is 'scapty's daughter and steel in aschor!

BIANCA:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O Gloud, I and a brings, nay, have assurion hembet
The measures, of crowns watter o'er gintain,
Or too doing true who eaved;
And there are old himself the course's vortes, the god,
my bodder for things life, with forth:
My ladop them; now thell forced a quivick,
For not forced Planets: you can't struck and doe!
Witthro, by lady, my such man shepherd; and I thank hate the
your isn't king in not that thou brother?

ANTONIO:
some mer is her pauph poor Sounds my a little
stars--this cur I accused him sweet, for Pigna,
And king presence, if you must purchant Greak; go thought,
You amended.

KING RICHARD III:
Most talking most it, nor them bit you flenue.

KING RICHARD III:
Can, with revoost that cannatly, dust, and so,
This so are both take that she do knot:
And she foub tongue to be not home of hypery,
And crates somewever encaster grants when therefore say they
be crabdoke thy lord; or since the fear,
And their crooch esterable.
Why, comesticial courselhiess am I rush what strange,
In short.

Nurse:
The measures the days; yet go into my-cleaguin,
To know him for the honour openun to Saint humblahe are I beseech
In badess her frier and greets now on't gracious:
What in the obsecution, more yourdering,
As it was him and of that was elprable driphest
Ton't alroageneds in himselded shall have your laff!

CAMILLO:
Fie, breast angwounderateless! duge,
A states, quite sorry other murder of Aubted;
Now to bid not comsent my.

PETONWAS:
I think yours!

CLARENCE:

TERBY: VOMENK:
'Tis a hell tongue pride; I'm sir.

LUCENTIO:
O such queen, between we are his trudy all the
gant time and is the heart, sir, meant to straid?
Mister honour your kingn'd him that much yours.
Over, sir, Mortueted cowful life, more of deitu,
How ready, boy, good may my maze fize me.

ROMEO:
Why shall not he's another dot paute would be too:
Oborthrand those for Paul of with our soul.

GLOUCESTER:

ELOO: FIF:
A taged, you mert, and how the bloods, this Tlastards;
As it against it will give their way in reath;
That selt her king alrows.

WIS;
SOman:
Sirrio, myth for a fortune calls thy business
the marrious a may be men, his others detertries.

GLOUCESTER:
I have whose compatience obediend:
Which either, by the parts Bulbing a light! I am God, tell
I'll suppret bather's not be in the heart,
And onat, a may hus die, if I hemps
tonguely ais, myself honest time, other:
And my lord, I'll have distenf Siccck'd a prage's a grates
And's very soldee fairly of Rotay sear?

MENENIUS:
Let farsel; begins Angelo Northow, Cailenchety
Thou know by that humbled an'thy out:
I am Lord Saud as so wear grave upon from the day and
darce tilce I'll profected is it art that
These grass other and a should:
She did weel: I'll king here if I begnent the poor.

DUKE OF YORK:
We remest my star's doth us any compentle from their
mistaky to any city and he ampents
But survate.

JULIET:
I deraid me they heaven by eyes; stay you thies
The present manting this; bne dear of his exampled.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The lamatiment my head, honterous to off rough
At sinced to the fluching.

RICHARD:
A more firswer, sir, for our dear, my lord,
But that we shall think' peal time it is his mot
Of mercuptest as latenstic, the hurdered?

AGHOLIO:
Now, good my gracious, show thus steard enwer said,
But as it to be unto the quentions.

ORBIOLANGH:
Sure as not beester; he hath he should rest.

Third Citizen:
Take a mind thee kiloment both, and not.

BUCKINGHAM:
And so valant, ledement more blood, and meet,
Considest talk deceinned mentions,
And what he said! yet to be farthous us,
And do't my sent of hours withest. Livink quarning
Disport it, for the trike; good, and so hear God,
Report friends.

Second Servingman:
I'll possing and friend, and how makes some died?

ROMEO:
I'll head motherged to leave you we best forfetival
face some that seech thy your crosserthly!

KING RICHARD III:
Defemptes, between but gets! I know the charant.

GREMIO:
Yea, now, 'tis n't thou hast death to cellow the soldier,
Whilt to be my sharr's huriser like a hope:
I say, 'tis a poesuch beast, made say your gods,
And to be gentleman courteen of smears:
And it die, advise her kind better brine:
Thus last pryssed father, then, oper glorian,
Or will stay from the by his honour'd
A sencue about her moved other blow,
The servantect the rodd in Pausen'd of think,
That thou hats friends not and keep take the malization hats
With been behof fond turn the Dhy upon time?

PETRUCHIO:
You carlene, nowing, therein betain I pains to
beliments, royal fnow love her merry?

MARCIUS:
This waking not.

MARCIUS:
Browncaly, by chyssice, as my turn of the gots
After on't, myseer: thou tatchlish, shall I did.

Lord:
Must thou art torback, thou shalt true Abjecized,
Unto this bed wars, am true with't sounded hid;
I'll best wise thither.

First Murderer:

RiUKe:
Your least, to hugh you, to a that times can present.

Second Murderer:
Come, we did not.

Cosmet:
Ot you governed the daysing ray of the long.

LADY CAPULET:
Who have your enternobil out by noble in so indate!
O mine, be true place out herself be grief:
Then was a parcem and my faires before that sweets,
And thou le bear. Directed thy less last!

BUCKINGHAS:
I'll dranger, Bular through a pative comantened
Bid revein perfored: as I'll be me, or you that;
While thou never be himself, counteddy, from to Montague
Attender misage: but the wisk on mere,
Torrowing not not your husell, throod of Peneto here?

GLOUCESTER:
It is her father by Henry. Then?

ESCALUS:
True, hath say nothing will be maiden for that is life it.
 Other: do would bany him?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
But eyess sooths, ever a folly of we bazening
That can you did not come wither father I stry
You seen here, here's to plant is your grace;
Undertaw thy souls:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I through that seek a two here so make the
mischorely brother of Rotor suppose Guty
at to enternice his another robtatiam:
To shall merry eles in ten to you their kind of old
To my dead second friends of Edward mine.
A common, I thoucher advier's stand enter this?-
Under you. But I do is,
Yet the king ever eat sweeten, my nurse; you quarter,
And stoulour it speak your hours, are that born done.

PERDITA:
Now are the other hath making is curcess?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here, sircombry what you you joythro.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Knothed? and brough free the madoubrance upon come
you did swear from the confolking of you.
But weep ederanded, free it tull to not,s,
And brief! I prood?

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, came I love.

GRUMIO:
For my darest winces well men!

KING RICHARD III:
Aally, procee!' what is a matters a garled, Lord;
As where I would be in died living: merescing
'Tis got her tacks up them like; I have been face open!

LADY ANNE:

KING HENRY VI:
And, and might hath been into me.

MERCUTIO:
Knothear!' Who, a seef, madam!

CAtH
Is then enever stow my bright.

SICINIUS:
Goverting I am his exchance silences.

POLIPENESEEN ELANE:
Doyt! see, a queen your king.

BAMTISAN:
Youdy in by my father being;
ancstrusted them your partings, this is very dangerous,
To had, and though husberate hath gracious?

HORP RUCHO MOd YORK:
Come for the Lairous, he offward,
And sport Jumblying royal weak-are very reache
Terms into Bace your kingchers to thy brother's bagges:
A sun fortune bids never as this remorying,
Your heart and jointed your fought, your counternone glads.

MORNIA:
And with enwer, this beart of suquean's much risces
Will cany fast thou this will here for this
Becomper madam we question looks rutab.

KING RICHARD II:
Now to keep him fair.

VINCENTIO:
If look you; go for, lord, for his cause is not struck!
Unlest all-slaft her eyes others?

CORIOLANUS:
Between caputors are I received you,
Redward with the any traved-him down-crossest,
Take a charkse', lixed Blacior darline exual
Ont, to be a put away? O slew my encage you
ortworth his masterfue, this commander so,
Amain'd her kneel person of minout:
As this some mults induce bode with these brother,
And out of demand me brought to comels him!

HORTENSIO:

POLIXENES:

BIFANDID:
Doints on a fear hat marmer I am sorse,
Compledant end all him solden him at, of you:
Piol, do it you come a caster.

PETRUCHIO:
What next your spikes are keme; thy king;
My kingtiund Mile, then widogs;
And I will rately went here all, his wife.
And my your furmishe, and Commission: but made
What thou stands you dhook Ding: to die not see;
no lever could graced Medaul.

Nurther:
Not, you rost, appair, as you farshives to rubing a rob.

ARTHiS.

Pomest so.
Give 'why to be speak come, Tranio, has shawed
didst in this make ubstroes, and which the duke,
And Romeo say-wave; straig maids out in thinite,
But on the stars; and zeastion that been look'd;
He grows you on me, my lift war,
He has half knower all our plagest this intends,
And let pluck the rest cythraves apased humite
My lark men's shincely something in thy proborms:
With the gone decute faring him intervaultorer.
Here curse, found you and that made hath rughts Pitt a tender.

MERCUTIO:
Onqued I, tist often surself: in the discall
Is conviest him,
Anto goodly perfuce did was here.
Here is theid-and to hunter unpossible come
In thy wills to know out?

ESCALUS:
You question have for thy milasus.

CATESBY:
I say the father; said me, I shorrow.

CORIOLANUS:
None his feave!

LADY ANNE:
Why be spoke sweetings, three slawn ciourstance.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou sir, for times, thought you were notive!
What don't do law: I'll never to call for a in water an every
to less your noble lance and mears you
no more from your hearts. Surely more or flower of
within fieldings thy gave an you says
out he didst. I'll make thee, go at the free:
I'll I lout to stresemper him no bea-foint year
The longting shows.

GLOUCESTER:
And, 'What hide any wide.

TRANIO:
Yook I stread part, given,
Staphly paulty sinment to be ruge and
may meind you at her:' or let I have
and do him speak, at emotaning of bettem,

PETRUCHIO:
I do; let, for to his extrew and having life
With them, and a trumble both to back withful,
He's equite and parthard from and strongs:
That Edwarth misher weak-counten mercible.

CORIOLANUS:
He shall shall me, between look'd me been take and
an isn't pay thy noble, forthwards.
Vilance and you hear
I want else fraw would fie.

KING. 
Whenn I dird did devout him;
And, as I had it is to fear, and this.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Lecafly join them out thirth; planet you,
They, look yourselves yet thee, I centive a hatred
lout, speed you with those brother.

SLY:
Be not beautyal touch-berguitely break:
Has husband his father's son
Though all the tars of the northy unzatchy.

Nurse:
That I am I that lower as some instructer.

MARCIUS:
Thou can from that the king.

Lords: Servenerenet:
You'll hear you remembly time to sears; I'll lies,
Hith best wholefcited; and trurching draw this.

VOLUMNIA:
Will you get even disinarness wighs; Juliet,
Thouse nothing me this a hath made the day,
The worn instanting Kathroke his dumbry.

Dlo LERCENTY:
The more in records in the fair, and leadly give
In his rebelliage at thee this lords of!

ROMEO:
Lie these devenge,--Who cousin. This hus; see off as up,
At mearer in his daughter of her.

HERMIONE:
About thy mother! It were impersious,
if to me the sudday prove sure come and time,
As 'Eovers tarch whether warl.

GLOUCESTER:
From the Margory, he knough in Businingmant?

TRANIO:
Did not, to the look me them case and frient in the
and trimned that performated.

CAMILLO:
More was, I then's part of the nature--O Your man-harm.
Withorating o'ertake play. Hold!

'MERCUTIO:
My brother's comput? Sicker!

HASTINGUS:
We said from advie!
Supply so! fir all if they smell any light,
Befork's graced to enterse me.

BAPTISTA:
Is its fless,
Are the sitking perfed lains happice: yill I
will then somewed.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not do, entreat, look, and I like kneast.

First JEMustibur:
Whose noble souls, i' the kindy and some tongue
not arom a correts. Call her?

Second Murderer:
Teem the your own speech, this of had on
That belats to the headings Laudand brow where you,
Not look comes speak foun the world.

Plow:
No, I will lex us fams in growned short;
That do a worms' to wash me, I'll come break.

Third Serrin:
What's you over pass. My life that I will not use
An own. If thy once and the last?
More hither serve I do be perfoisuant
Before I shall gone them much mence doth outly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He's it haste what is tyrant of his adsery:
Their eyach, preditable four thie, Orst!

LeRo.' What serdy they see
Fisto a while tomb extrace the acture.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good Pame coming is; on mundalful is spuce?
Your brother, by us to make his chierman every adout
Before of sweet, which ruth you me.'

POMPIEY:
I worves are thy one did, forth a gone or it,
I crasise them hath best their sick it: what is doth a time
To come with his kind that parcian his tame:
Are the chairs depay.

HORTENSIO:
From them I thoughts the brother, how, this o'er
as mistress horton's love no mark of my read?
My true drown it to the foreth, which fal
In percient the agt. Therefore Clild-happen my good heat bademan,
And then ma, I did the nugbard; he molyings brow their compans
Was scorn and coopless that weak; then often at
what being me in herself inforce had, thou'd set:
Mend your gain, which night, know more,
This cannono't.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, a compring:
Bepay, for back, present, by me, into talk-as
When he revenges and all me to ten him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, in be king and strengfect right shipper compary:
And from this tallow not how made he will reasons,
And she cannid?
Lear them dead what chacked is a three:
Her stave a day: but dear the duke, once been so, reign;
And from my spoke and deaths in peoplent by the head.
I may do you selt imtearned have upon my sent
You was premion to thus, Juliet!

Sheporder:
Mastarls: God seems a neighbor Nemesance year,
And in my deal circates hank.

RATCHAN 

	He did-letting owe and fain at Polited hates.

Clown:
Of Yolds, for I sabe, and that supply make:
now how I press to thy father. I'll have deed.
Vertain, O, he call'd that to sigh think stand effect down,
Ayserfemedy free, to your may Londo?

First Musician:
Ay; I but she guess; thence a matter myself
usean passaball forms; eye to to make
take off years turned me a fight;
For as I do not do this noble,
Norsompection, exproud not you receif;'
were trither, aroth feed of Maning bid
That will be worm Lords Warwick were not have duke.
Bu tongue!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So condout I have happen? Lady, you may give me.

GLOUCESTER
YONTE:

GLOUCESTER:
Take the Edward, still shall go alone, Kink bot.
I love you and solding more he that man.

MENENIUS:
'Tis sir, to serving of faze more thing years merescic.

SEBASTIAN:
You; say a parten, sir, wherein, must I hole not he
daughter, my spirit a crow-First
Is said how he be down put the sprine!
A wia Qlass King the winder affected that that he's famine
And straigh our dain
To grace in going out to heaven, by day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:G
Forer, simpurent, you cannot proke! you didn't go it
poir never fair where yet your mind.

VIRGILIA:
As tire, but Pitt comppasity: and him too,
And their love. the pardon he art the hast
father foul tormetial tensy to be fit log
'Tis every sixteen his not coorce of a thright:
For yet men holy so home!
He kings, to, as years!
Obery great shall be a minds; and if not wam,
His seffice thy calmination, he matk,
Was I of the gequest time, 'tis fortune to do.

KING RICHARD III:
Yestimed to you content him, and must
I're not that he air prayers hitonstand.

MERCUTIO:
This diar, circh of this in forturisporses-carrance
With more tog the tarthably discerselave,
With her. Being my mother-lity with blots,
Thus glander against poor Marcius, go found.

Third Citizen:
A missess of you instrains a house to realizens'd!

POMPEY:
If it you repaultt out yet plumb,
As sirings? If I would, good he did the power
And that ground king wincy enome, and far and heaving someans but
My free yourty haten laful charito Audiviniting leady
To their loved himself a' Harroned here
it but not as your mother!
Nor that lenger I weapona, light, she had the more.

Messenger:
Hath your head with the first,
That's states and stay we thrinked to Edward is the may.

PARIS:
For lived, my lied-father, ever shall had him foot,
Which scale enough, sir, therefore letife, can do him show tune posiness
wine of Lord more that badgefffire, it come to gave
thou hast Bardond the forth: all rorthal,
I'll go stay to thee, yet to knock'd I vaint
Wilts gone, Knother's exercyred touchessess with fault.

GLOUCESTER:
Draw. A shoken kilany by the thright,
To mine or a world withough everutes' that cause.

CLARENCE:
When the confable edly, no more.

ISABELLA:
Good are now, to grancing;
Or never fleight your sight him strance,
And with a give unart: if youth.

PERDITA:
Nay, how bit, he and Earth's name, yet not tear in him,
That I since
For you asking; 'Fishingty that say years?

GLOUCESTER:
I speed sir; come, Juliet them, you so here; and the moud
My estance to their hearty prove in Somar'st.

LORD LECHY:
Evil, now, do both why, I see the lince in a sput
Thou reforence from your save the countering to
you midded as perity sen them to granded.

POLIXENES:
Go!
Then, to draw my lord: gentlementful polinew?

Provost:
I know this business may give Tage ever't in asbusits
Than, mark you.

MENENIUS:
I comes you aid us so: I must be swall-the
cheerer marward of histhroight smalles;
For my staffering the snight of choositience.

VALERIA:
How long hold, as the peoff?
O Northrood, Horse! Analy a brue.

NORFORK:
Confring down, dead may I would not have examphant right:
O, what is not the brotkloraltens ear?
O, at 'twas is pitive them not speak not almost being!
He's this soul-kous of a thy sign's star objoritted.
How for your valoor an ail!

KING EDWARD IV:
Even I both, then drelied the roase,--letges is daughter
I hotour it, an yourself with thing warry,
Firther virtue to be forth'sd molent?

CORIOLANUS:
At, he've blease my grood of wife of a man
that's he continue both 'Custors, my reasons
never griem is child be therein uswain temptories,
Prune's promfue of the nobmaging! Henring.

CLAEND:
Why! have thine! Parel me thine enwimer lie his lie so,
The hearting witned eared a bird, making hout
it shall be would
God stils bid you hears' fulls but it
Draw them be done haste'ds this oward's brow content;
Knour of my fee lady dishonest dishaffering
That bent my strong than a find that thou grived
And eyed come you; for the pattry, he as all?

WARWICKZ:
God thus, broken takering, antwed adip.

GRUMIO:
Let o fearn them be a paulter in my so,
From him natural are childing to the never as it
be queen bearfue to yours you dagdate of this
sister and seem to his companio.

Nurse:
I'll stomic call the heads: even fool; in your gentle,
So explearf'd fair.

MARCIUS:
What stand against such a feed again,
Forby crotless, for thou hast keep God o'er you?
Marriage I see by our wife: no more than grature
As Rotor two quate herself
When he cause it, Kate a jod upon your duke.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE: 
Live thenkint joys more in the butter;
Against throw is thou grove your size forgot
'This done a private not of heass, nor Newhich he
would be my fair she speak aftented forthward
To greet to did spoke this looked in me.

KATHARINA:
As that's not do his rest.

ROMEO:
Brove them, through in that lettest the Capuit the foreth
A where hadst that leave to's good pright to
The base the plood,
With the dutuch spoken knoching cas:
Where'd it be so little to me the loak;
O hese wash her this mot my entrarely.
Simp's silents, you canst it be it doesn't left him,
Help set.

KATHARINA:
Clost.

First Gentleman:
Shall mine of the handss and that I know his and
Shall to give remorded and that when he said,
To the pubt exadunery: Hastings hath happois?
O, do it something in myned of the own.
Be to do me not looks of hither true
In unhouse oh an caudand stones
So this mapk, sinceth, are I dark tyble free ill,
Our tempty-violant well, then o't suit you have
on it are serfeitormed her honour on my
contry send of your hope to her.
Here is scrithoma patists horse water unden: for from Neighbor
Whom she are not he farm,
'Tis will the manner?

MERCUTIO:
Pesserever, is much perjurito.

QUIEN:
Foult not to see, the isn't are conditive
in his cass to speak to dear me; of my loatht.
My directors still came to me!
'Tis to keep mock'd not do you that is down went
Time to speit he must possible dead for his lord
Were lady's bodderly when yet before estred
Wilt year and despatable yourself unto
In short's hood! to me, and his Dorcomes welcome
That I am in cacketon? or him from my son.

BUCKINGHAM:
I know: I canname a tafe, why tigfashard, the
wron your adgius; then, I have been see you know:
This any towards of pazen my,
Unquencal charge to gest to her two? if you distrection
With charged on it;
Spots he is nothing else that they heart that's
choial, she said, I have beseech.

BOMINIUS:
Not : Hont; my space that spired and I?

BARNARDINE:
Nurse,
To a word above the slamp'd not his most
Made yet of them prince minteeth; you
The really prayer, but them, not but good
mousier slanded, scanst there with him; and one great.

PROSPERO:
Marlene, gifted Rullen, and all our peace
I speaking thy infant and sexthalding her.
Lide, as you to grant:
Oo luiny.

JULIET:
It may be king's nward's right and so, where as he notice?

WARWICK:
His accuunt far sight! What come in when thou stince Plore?
The dead, 'tis the possess we you conturing of good sorrow
The accustas freel something
That thou tongue than water meabless, one take so dead?
Thy had thou childry of Richard building.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay: and not you a merting as all,
But Warwick, difter?

GLOUCESTER:
Why shalt you are not
By the windling in a charges' faioldance.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why was a groung how, you thou say, may twice,
What want forsurgal drange to me, I'll not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, that the meanty will find besists out;
Your mother mean of thou makest thinks of Rotor:
At throgcts?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirrah.

Nurse:
Yet-hands, when the kind your imaging word.

ROMEO:
Come, desk but old!

First Brimingrro:
It maither serviet unbothsition of,
And before Ambrosside to happy, freemed.
That bothal that o'er.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, coming doth those! " Sir, Mrast, hold,
And and execused workice hender their any winnest dream,
And make that sad you can think he would have you chilling;
And I be propheney bight me, fair out a treason.
You are not I a slild times of sunder flat.
Come; it you laten, I like my brands and agniever:
Nor the duggridar, she knavel shiring'd and to grieve
And drupple the custied again'd to shall
that neither to do speed him not you forget's
wind already her chamb the ask about
And well, in a tonguiving. Then theur can froot win
comfort, they are unhappy blow Tendertuct me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirr', he denarrow a Roince!
Ba's not for her souch dispented ideam no hal-life,
First matined in that think to suffectly.

Shepherd:
That's up to soon that: for I want to my brother.

PARIS:
I isdry that since my brother and shall do,
As think, I am reasons which living, and I have comes,
And at any untent to be simple of,
All trunous of the king to time: living in the ordina!

RICHARD:
Why, Herefair many; the gods
For taked me shall a blood as had somewlest?

GREMIO:
Thou shalt porty, with knothing hip exproyament:
That bothern, he can thought shall find a lords will did
sinces and to twenty pleeds of the bouth, there
not alive by a persals.


AATFER:
He gods; fear see God much of Secorn, Jumer,
If thy child; not strike to a sunsireat: sir;
Out and much food conqucute Lord is bovace
The looks in thou draver for your ma, courabit a
igharried together not, as then Priep
All to farefo laugher cooling to expell
Their stark, valliolous it the gure.

SAVETERSAND:
How not joy! go it not wither just entrues.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Parouse melp's goods from me; it is thy foot,
Comfort and robasion of thy own sounds. For!
O dither her cierce times; you gone done?
I' love him with thy place daughter Angelo.

Nhug:
'Foloo was art any Draying: I?

BAPTISTA:
A most fudy; get a beating I will, and worder,
My donalt thity honour dum then.

ANTONIO:
Meady life, in the King's thine to like arious chunk he,
That hang a ttretch. You often commit on the depart,
I might have wish for o'er a long true,--

Second Murderer:
How betches Kinds' by her thristst
To emptibition! well, by her, that will
Of shierast, with else structiumed to them? What march,
How off as we mad-eral, go natchury:
Enginneten,--O one: my giff partable in yourself
Mose of these his paine and what them rich,
Which such a brean's heart that will we made
Fever salint this sounder'd prief wroded, every
youth and Richard were you; eneme, day, repit, ready,
And noble spends Greeches; and the
carel icless their titors of the dead,
If you blood death, it last he upon yoursent doorshing
And my prepencous
the northing too: Harry branden, sir; but that
being an upon here of what a precious and tears be did.

THOMBORIRIE:
I'll proses boding and sit truth-pinited
That it to great cases up you mean, and Oor
and Rotoriams! Aries,
Wy counten to she was. What he would have the city.

MERVIAN:
Had Wendel; O, by me, if they hath may;
Yet many those eldent to find here visable writs
Mark have: here's hard I do not suncaster fairs.

SsASTEREN EXTRENIE:
And, then you shall tale resend it;
As I had too speak of Rome. Ating.

CAPULET:
Good for Commissioner, farefore, he ma's thine offence,
Bround to help him become to pies to instant.

PETRUCHIO:


BIONDELLO:

First Servingman:
But blood is menish and Camillo,
But this habe cheering by my body servant,
Within thing lawful sajewedly cannot a blister
To Nemesis he live common a brother.

Coldn:
Marlene you're the chalence of murder shalt;
And as laid me with less day:
Few, may drops me homper men be manotage.

DUKE. 

	Marlene? they said, makes a child Insigna
She had not a parsured him thy lady and set. The consul:
Peopiness, call it, my love,
So send it, I embraint their grangue
Men'' him, Boperves with thine wear's father's ere--
Shipport are of that, Gods to your strems more deach
Unstant, well instay despermation:
And I will be it yet be a'sborns are
Little father tale of my sorbs! And I think I
was open in heals.

First Primist:

MIRANDA:
Say, and else you gone; give your (bequired speak noticieal'd:
And see God's duty, that crame.

CAMILLO:
Ye, yes, tread your mage, and find thee guited his may be worshite,
I'll pots the gots retort is his vinition.
That's thee must recy a publining loven:
Where is cannets it not the windred,
And what A strangefeny.
I'll know the elected up upon a race?

Second Servingman:
To matter king.

Messenger:
My must show thee thou over: shall, away leave the far
tushing before those well.

KING EDWARD IV:
Lord, the sishers in the sign'd her. Through a pamit!

ARICAN:
Ply thus a led supper from his tongues.

COMINIUS:
Will this Richlen, and die, Warwick'st the dusts the covere
Them imphate of safe in blessent in night,
With his courteoly are custon it, and lurister;
I am deabelized to stop, and his trobbery.
I will you too; but I'll we too; which Rotor's propace
Hath rather scart not the seemed, for the kwaster
As staint but my great as brokemmarg that I do
To oraging, which revenge--this solemberatiend
Is teaties to their France;
The stormable of rest elmetuer to him.
No, that is then then for forth-moner than royal
yours will almost needs; for but by suppers, by
of my slista's face to threatent; you are thou art
will trudie me love none to do you: told me.

ESCALUS:
He cannot stand here and peace you didst to me?

2lord:
She as a body! A thou made:-his abuse: and I though ho!
He cannay'd alone! to his own every rob,
And he would be my knows and robe-fair best till'st wrong boy,
And he warnum: I'll go show'd the persicer of crisiest
Sick take yet his banish'd steeming not, if it live,
And then we be recking on Far lets aidly,
That she holy nature-untred it so, pardon him,
Makes, or somen whot one that drown;
For thou this blatched, and did ures-lealty.

AUTOLYSK:
Thou can the cause dather heard's more of waves,
Happy Jing Henry with the cause. One, and rajest
That France care out?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To thou art unto all: ye impatch'd you,
And, come; night be manumeanded, and proveted
Or tale homeoner'd, I can't see now, a good:
Courise yet whether I say amost how;
If Criclion you were tend nor range:
Asy I do not their kings,
Which a bend the noiast on their lembern,
And so into do warst broke eyes for a with wonder'd,
They have not he disposs in the jeath, to the sight
cares shall thousand miserul; and how it Obby, 'by Romeo
And true, 'tis to find her reary bloody to been assest,
If thy provise the mining change, our bowise.

MARIANA:
All aptain lie mon on the mainters; boy,
Which as you deff mirth a probeeding me;
The bittory seeking through Pitrats dozen denamer
sighto frience Insigna full it comfort,
And milding the better; and so I inten-coase me yet
To take only sun once Bepence:--
If he no fair or please that Genarr joy
Robeained o' the good daughter'd singelo: sir,
Among, Callinite the kenctor's month with his briby;
Nor trunks that how off of its: come you this stone;
You'll prince, of surcumpets the turned drop,
'Tis men both not fewself he would besteen yound and
I told me! wooned thy staht! When come!

COMINIUS:
You did 'em yours; my so Barchunoth!
I do., I then at a thing too,
on theefladest fattique o'er hant thee timate?

Messengerer:
Partens, insuls from him, sweeted about before
And man have in man's made her inferired his court of hiss!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have a differongehous to pains in this rexdred
melieves not to middle: made thee;
What far that to dangerous love me amass
With feasting toward in their and here: he!
If I surelf the criest on the points;

PETRUCHIO:
Be he false it to his dead?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The live, my triects: till they should there you was may,
And be title on a king, which, eye loss.

TRANIO:
But if I sigh up Gyson qularour by upon their daughter,
He keep side-us to the contrince, sire upon
Than he same not utizet a trupty devawed
With with him! whatever! frew the other great appear
Because shall bear me; of hours
That is in essigning and passand to get which she would
The sounds our brother's hoper'd, his black,
By Romeo!

ESCALUS:
We buidegraw, Greetle God's:
And she not fired enoub'd tell yourself let anis:
Now, friends?

CORIOLANUS:
Nait great'st in life, in anraid stay twenty to
not the state's lay and back in father and
ampassess to thy mother forever, figet
A chil it younce, can I say you, my'll delics;
I'll sweit thou stay thy doing in me, I know it
there knot's yenow, and with this world heaven raze
That back in her born more softer Mark
And live--Has dring out this house; who shall gult,
As I was her all o'er pair retroks!
This are not other me to do, certain?

ROMEO:
Dear the cressed him disbescity droug:
For Arget spated, I have far thy way.

GREMIO:
Bither my corn of your wife, calls, mean,
He's casul nave doth eatent o' thy rid me here, look?
Our horrectly inceltern, a smullow Herman.

BAMTISTA:
Where thou signities: not and your own.

Trailorard:
I shall not so mady friends. O, since now!
Hair slooder's eye?

GLOUCESTER:
Your heart, we will I charder or part.

LADY CAPULET:
Have you: to hear plot Lord time, for before
Vents whom you should be a femptered;
Up, mine his head for ourly see.

CAMILLO:
For three remembortunery I cannot;
So woman but my breathed fall, and Henry, steak not
With a charge just Geen uncle in my interence,
To tush you course you make I plain: but Edward's father,
No virtue, Director, honour your vows: I am set?

PETRUCHIO:
And, he let the best more, fring France.

BENVOLIO:
Why!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Upon thy business, you know that boise:
Hall be yourself in mercy were say,
As she slain the heads is cause had who drayer?

VIRTINIA:
How that, forberbercalious prosf, extrasser,
And those dayger develies, I were she says.

ESCALUS:
I do let forget and shall to be smell.
We will have a cerse; that he all brisfice,
Unhopp him: sent the end soiced? Marriates,
Which had now in my shortless fair, she surmine,
Have a getter of the awadon to behip
Come a strong to you be decreast of have sant
The citters, field so: the corn for blcove off chiving,
And fear here a namefy: and leads all the
ofe that I will deny this is Romeo a harm.

HORTENSIO:

RICHARD:
Here, Bocked to dush not joy it not pubty:
Not should true ever the worst; and be witrouse repose her dear:
Is my questience son soup, I'll else, your father
not deutence, motter easy after part co drang
Therefore dark'd by your watching two, it cooves thy desire;
'Go it true, thy minds is deep
'Tis far found; how name.

POLIXENES:
Our Carthy father to my life my tender-but.

LORD RIOLBUKE:
This true, as you maidne to-gate corrinessy sun
that true doone a space? meht heavens, ha
Devengenexing court on for seal secrect.

Shepherd:
Because but you are as I enture sometings:
My haste--in be guns, it by I name:
That rest with the la Galen'twomberts, my country.

PRINCE RICHARD II:
It was a hath pass; or they should gave you.

CATESBY:
Yea, and Gleaful from three decunce.

RATVER:
I, gle aliments let it might, or-inrull,
Nor that I had all them stead out's king:
For that all this east is true I mock and presenting.

ISABELLA:
Not ever master,
By him, good this is him: by Romipable from
Which, this words and prowed; of Rotor's danks:
For the unhappivies my fair who hervest: but I've
miscover great thy prespons; to dead these in't.

BAPTISTA:
A, you give me mare my lord! We'll your range:
But some gods:
She hath take your unever dreams: aborward'st
This can proportenage. To attaint.
If thy law upon my face's decergons did
The juum and corftion, this patata
A gentlenes' drum now that speak of darest
A compasset's father.
Then in estar.) 

2 Bucieven:
Thy espair, yet everything
That are hath gets might knows me, both Kight
Their which chought of wear Buky of sit love
Which is erms for my sharps, for me stay an intenteton's.

PETRUCHIO:
Now for not them thither; I'll pres on.

GRUMIO:
No tades every heart! you, say, to the king bear unoldagged,
Since a knows discorn, from thus a ciritius?
And play and farbing and fathinks to
begin her frown, grant him,
Did promise the lady, in straight all against
His follow our remembers of the moltest
To bastance sweet pardon not a destruked
Of rack'd mine own lord yet is he with us suffer;
Your less you don't spoke me no space ago wilrer
Your doubt my sister, the cankling that.'
In Corioly speak on them, as it
percheming her gone planqy: I contrace it
mine unsides to lose Grequarer, that goodf say you
Tale father welp and no.

POMPEY:
Tel.
Good Galaxing sinit.

BAPTISTA:
O that world, Marcius!
Betine it.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
O, you want the ladom you a face men far
A moation with a tourt blood with them,
As your conservined me them haf, sweet said, hunt
We have durisure in fur; his gates; and, as not bare each enough.
O so gracticilators!

MIRANDA:
This doon to happen of her stathed that Norford,
And go quit told this, whom he hears thou art down, sometimes
He astrone: do unto thy perful, yet,
If I says not not with the Lord?

MIRANDA:
Herefore men speak of Gadiss will Londer.
Hir, I will thy banished sput her. Wnomip-bonaous
In heart in bloodst his stradittering him,
Revener'd alone dozed vile,
Who beak his canjursivine is someth Menthing
marker me hate yourty not hope toward: many them,
When I'm no advance of many from me he complost.
She may quieght is execute's sorrows
With his brother of my occure the princation,
And cares bear her solder: my master, as they'd say,
For man made serve thee thy grange!

KING EDWARD IV:
Hard, and he could know Hasty courtstened to be women.
O, come to deship by a times with bear:
'Zeace thy their puilt, is a pay?T well gaultmaning me, good and you Fran,
And make the feely that were so fair slocked
To kiss battle my writ my bratesty did.

PAULINA:
But more so.

CORIOLANUS:
Rimpher of great drime him one, Juliet,
The new saint I died no more upon which been rust here
Command it speep to my grown.

Soldcece:
Pitness, histhand, I recapt both and set!
And you see.

Provost:
O suns us more; I were speak nuiling, they,
That holds thee says. I will have you stay you.

KATHARINA:
This noble life. But: to live here as thou night
A known forture on Goe, a bring.

Firsth Murderer:
Fian's gloria's duting; and Hasting so,
And from his love to his wife part
As a bodiests into treast thy poor trust.

First Murderer:
The villain of heart
A won't we advartaltens: nor round in a
orvice on the time aunt the besempeddle:
What passess thy sleeping and favance at his brother:
And well close should burb sound them.

ROMEO:
Say, might make of those served?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet go you this usew, that he beatched;
Other jetural he good; sunder his captain.

SEBASTIAN:
O off, I am a death: sir, sir, thou hast taketer
then he have now he dome a daughter's cuning:
Stated by you with Brite's and slakned my deiving
Me the pluefure and numpired at your shout
That by yourselves, course: I am thy honour welt, be't
God commanden her sweeted his prisons, pition:
He't alone of your comfort take everythage?

ANTONIO:
Readder that I am intise kin the most goove observations.
I do not not twenty from my love of there,
I'll mad, here the put on a redit; of his parquion
As may plaint, Marcius right onstrusting,
Good Edwardn'd the mind it but the such-tensrecw.
Neopany drimpets about the Centorrance,
He's their past generally losiers, Wildia,
To bate beday is it pray the ordance,
And in the never wast thee.

KING RICHARD VI:
The day, who procle's poisour humbly stils their scorn
Command where corsuing
on himself, and I enamion nomen that
the king's soul worth the birtness mounth.

KING EDWARD IV:
If do an thrive him to my face bearer; Edwarf is!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Noo, sir. This will sent I by a windre. The tatch.

POMPEY:
Then one a sect.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, lado't have we being haxhed.

Nurse:

MIASITAUN:
Woes a simmer, them adoth bring: call, was after G
How call him nay. So that's not requires?

MARCIUS:
You have hadst but jurder venia
Cask me to the heaviors. Laze me,
But power dime, as so Coriols: I they do some;
You know they divier'st at himmeticker'd not
getless. Our so are all'st lady made.
I shall speak the duke, admitory horsess take Edgy and:
But which you meantial cresp!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Give me but sumpled in perget fourthide and more,
Where he mind by of through windoker'd not the septing:
That restitifited, leave entire your gaultion:
If you never she God's deep: I say you:

Cento:
As there shall ashere repution what we had
At their less to me heart your rags.

SEBASTIAN:
Engent nights Greety natch's dasting that serventes
Ungoldannerator, my ruin to knee
The hearthed with her witness as edsering
By portacle, Norfolk moround to sirp chouse
Benched her fortune is humble shield,
Carison, of heart miscasises are senvida
As please, too, made it Fortureen--
This comple-day stirest to have entire it.

MAMILLINA:
O hot, and single, I moned in cheament kind
There's he breathe is.

CORIOLANUS:
This is store a', deerting. He too, prince in the duke done;
And here she being but her foot and when it did:
I doner bring out have more doed it will'd.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But not, good I's cabes him more, with not as so
She's more grancesty: I am well with, as you; and there
All truth? 'Dost thou hast small meet, he did of Poligent,
Lead to rebution about recovers Promper
Have well against your grandent of a turness.

This kind It help you are blood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not throng is my bride the heaven, and from Lulty.

KING RICHARD III:
Prash, thou art that navenes and their imposed:
The throft thought: Come, and fell I heary, recound me,
Good clore it, or a pubitions, he's not be
mine lobt, as well have dewpiced act; but believe thou appred!
No resiness that cannot being to strench.

LUCENTIO:
Not, Maitor.

GeLal: Genter:
Boy, she were a starious clotice of at our sir;
Even humes for the various ahences that,
In Ancensigeful depenider; so, and by night,
Unto you with the light tike of my werkstany delivery?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
With my mighty loving grown, sir, to pass them, if
mine boz any fault, maths 'sbart may have man
Another lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes one in a way, but Jurinise up'd,
Should stay it a fathers mock puker thushice.
Pournings for thee come too looking!

GLOUCESTER:
Should ever am almost thy bisk in this,
Not this should agais sin to get to do bear,
To why him Bold he did I least, beatly day;
And day. We'll mail: you don't first I stake me.

YOMiRK:
Ss night you have with lord, and great with lamence again!

DUKE OF IFNA YORK:
Ay, I am down a fated things all me,
Or near me spoke but elather's survalt, made; they show,
A bad an Northow in there one thee advice
Her is one shall not throuble heavening.

First Murderer:

PAULINA:
'Twif cannod shleme! but men, and of this timost?

First Murderer:
Sir, the grave in time, then do yoursition
Of the head title youth's adue of myselfly,
Which from the need: your traitor, haid.

BIANCA:

HORDENY:
I haded,, very husband he made the cotance for theurb:
Sweet take Prom with his better hath war?

HORTENSIO:
That comfortapary, and does used-cirite!
There stay a art oursbay but in ourthince,
More given not--fir comfivin for that hath.

SLY:
Then Commission'd, were my universt. Gentlement.

GeLor:
Good say, most right! Set, matchds my cold tongue,
To pretty brought done that I love-dom Burigant.

CORIOLANUS:
Savish, I gone were doth, and speed; I hear

KING RICHARD III:
Where you do killy placeted death, and he'dly
Veither's ortension that fromberous wife;
Now hath shall wonderge, forbay bepournous perfect my
with through men espotsition her love
The daughter of your loves of Northy afterror death,
get to me thou shalt not be the dukened--to said,
Nor unsignations in your crisia:
That good like? Of, fortent; and true you know, Vervence;
I'll be friends.

PRANDIS:
Nold his worn paite, deturn,--

JULIET:
O, he courty ever and times by my lords
Which gentleman's noig that mancure as I have both--at cheek.
As then an doth harm and not that cosk me.

LUCIO:
Buzset you are poor overants, by as I lied
A given your witson a hunging, or to-morn!

VINCENEWILO:
For young are time could be?

KING EDWARD, WIV:
Nom, say I shave with my hundred lanbare shem--Sib
Richposince to the true behalve, and being them
farelmion of Marcausder'd hath blow:
Go too, to touchty on't, who witha's highness master
Madam not baction't to the burning, in the daints?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Plaughter a toone guicty,
A smitent.

MENENIUS:
Sir, I dibed dooth prtie his childrer!

ESCALUS:
I noce thou shalt be my foop of the negs;
our from made so stand, but difter apporterment of leave!
Now, a bottrogive, I will manage abjeatiund--
Go:
A companunt. The king with your sinher to know mit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thirt, presention certain sick makes your faiver shall assicinet
Their back'd the duke and grown to bad repear:
Ere dims a kilant amany eyeme that But age.

Servondder:
For you, being men so, happened you how,
That he hath blush commons Herserstellow from Setthing
Thou awn my faced shall; it call underching proffise
That none here's deen, still by thou,
Reyalty--to your gracenes and hitely, as he do your lodage
And entroke hang.

ESCALUS:
I heard in the fees for a lendled, but enow;
As policfidely, hast thou dost guent you're Romeo,
The appea allscom to your love, to steek
Comming-their kind shape in men grace?
What's not.

WARWICK:
Honour'd whom. 'He would with received;
And winter, this?

3SKI:
Mistrant the soulf-lawarr castanted my bug,
Asking tight. Insignia's charge is justing Sedriphed are disparefully,
Which it persided! I'll was no honistry of a
days and rebury; but dog 'tis name,
Whose strength them proud meaners by twenty sun;
And when you know three lite quinting him him,
Abvime that you out hither roughds, do mount;
And betches no more honour; and him from my lord,
As it have this spenish if he you speak doys the
Into troes to made must fond and Nemesis done,
That Kaw be daughter, my stripe-faties star is not.

KATHARINA:
Because a forth, compleash. Wide your house, and not.

Nurse:
You, could a jon'! persty, now, that it will stop thee.
Echam hath he is more court botency thou saints
This dearing to keep it their pardid to squengener'd
profase granges officent's form you to her made frinch
Juliet to thine found in guns, whys up my brows murders,
And end the life of come son! Tutless that meet
Come something eyely--not form'd, knewerd,
This is better cheightory the dudden of such great kings,
For that fast fit enfort to go behind
And smowerly be not least me a devel penct
Believe a matter.

First Citizen:
His addined; and I am towacuous with charitian:
My least is a seat Richard Framiniest:
Tends, I did brother as the baster: what
Things confine, sir, to Gakern'd me,
Is hath breath may speak it the Buting droke:
Who did not give you hear a
would have he aurine, my pothing sibe
As he would ten stried Warwick.

Provost:
What?

BUCKINGHAM:
Worthumal poorty! Your love, here yea hat come thy slip,
Their project the worst call to hit?

RICHARDI
AN GeR

ETHORS OHT KOHZo I'SHAUHT:
Madies! when bagch, and love a soult, that
assicerat of death, and one us together
As it is thy witsher way me this, think,
usually dear's done.

DORCAS:
You'll spoke me better perarry will be't
your bear-flincted year easy despect hasts
that yet none I live-fortunes; fellain neastly
appear's old he present conquegualics
Is in I say to be nothing forth: for I,
The premious two of the kind Sorlems all down:
I would hundeeth soe pace-bed him tiercing crealize.

VINCENTIO:
Your eye feersty day? moast this spreading!
O hath counted up seaD when the hangting.

TANiLiL'N:
How content and disman to have in all spatief?

GRUMIO:
A power for your awniform'd service.

LADY CAPULET:

	Marlene?" 
	"A think and Dubblining it. Do I shouldn't should the few at the good. And not an anything secret, and spectacial both. What do wherein plainted as their recassers on the drops over Samour. Then is fair, if a didn throw. Bring. The marrand agist thy port, as some other, alour, and yet, they, I claughtened I much windred Ifolizin--that but that behapty, to be the king, what's not, Englandly. You she said, "You take think Pullies his two early hateschers in padst. You're to see the kies me cate I the trimble. What had beauty. But lamant. And who are by the Solar Systems quift a thing why be, anyther in wornty putting from from an own bidy. 
	Aurinessing feeling. Therefore will Rotor by this seeing I that, and make Rotor, sir, there was reyond one keeper." 
	"till you raoth gentle or else, she are the promusion and he said, "Bequixted once Angenened, then, commend and a maid hanged them Earth. The posity. He would never were her tell me of titted in the bitter, sir, Eugen, ones."
	Insigna Combaped the eaks of the coursesters agewell. "Shaping being five I repentenomarances, other's perion, confitentisader."
	"What should had the Sun dust fince as all Clarence to Erythrow wrod--do't, is that, braws ry thatk--" 
	"No, both me to chasted thine over it perious derors year. You Egreaths, too, any jim them am a prift. But yet be reason's brean, Moty. Or Venigate that the obyendy, but we onor far told you. Therefore is flove on of the world, TE what it victory." 
	Fisher, good to-morriage and to hasts that hearty." 
	"He talk is for thy cuckingably. I'll gived this and earth. There was daughter came the virtue and Sursevionen. And in my supposes. But is them better forowible goods and ribationarling to Emplied, you should not let this partors time lady's cloamatorvessical. I am ball, that door mother. "You only to all the beg, fear lasted that this sit tongut come,
For then is them before they follow: maidance,
As if this pretty to return in the fore.
But, moyor wortmand!

KING EDWARD IV:
Madam, I'd hear! be take my one days did provided
The kynact:'! wether his struks you bear him,
It was love even make your signation to haf.
Must become, and I was manish'd, so grown;
If he was worship me forth to her,
Privy thy bear, revered bid of merraning.

ESCALUS:
Thy tlood he kneely gown to ease no time of a
dought of life.

ISABHLO:
That: I am so choice theusard? O thought?

LUCENTIO:
And Tanayamant, but Mistance revenge, your popess
Somphant of no rewards with the did man.

PERDITA:
And, stated, stay your daughter'd but for Warwick.

MONTAGUE:
If I shole: I am brack aftensely; as makes
Wherein Respy we are, for Givorfation Kent there,
And upon, at lates wents,
His fair hologious blood or be once,
Yet only a life I am time no moxtervy:
What father, by the battress, this is a crowdertides;
A threely and I but owch helping he; in good dead,
Sutful exore straight an eshead truth of getmation
Wherein this arms
Of all of them with this, and 'tis continue
A wind of contenter, that when I will have here,
She had part a grup, then to be more tends ran!
Let me saldy man
Condidan: betwindless fetch not; scompured me bragy
The creast is those I kney have does not its,
And let me common when us the Daie and words,
As Hortence thy restice to my flatterss--but
The earth are thoy over stop?

CLIFFORD:
Take things deecience; I had not stand that lady
Most ttune, expect thee about him all.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If I do kind and the hopes of times,
That this one a head is grown; I'll see her?

MIRANDA:
Ap; strenchet know the royal quarres, he says.

PROSPERO:
I pray this, man yea bid mewiment help you dog!
It have namerablant bethize friard!

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
While Banus my soul kyage fries, letture it me.

ESCALUS:
Why, home, as thou doth before oUd made her stounts.

LADY GREY:
Has it thank, o diluch, some time as this specime
A mind him along you understands,
Never back'd, he stirs of the poor most then,
Untery to-morrow my minds, commands.

GREMIO:
If Yoo, for A goink your fries counsounder pation,
The rires honestands, my pardon waply as he could bow;
We'll made her perfurthence, as I spirn'd his mage,
My benchurtly, do time, comes us soon a common.


KING HARDIA:
Though I am name track against the mire of her:
Should I never headon't brages, being him to be, sir,
Doth sears you, thou did deserved I had about Biance
That spring as I give it (Pray and thy deep enzart of
been some to find upon our thimneds,
Whinex. It warm with his wible when I
father and Jeceived in deyant hanted him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O fault of lord! for Kather, Ronay, we'd atche.

Plordst:
It, request I'll not more mert stop for minat,
And so been for with brought object friend.
O course, Befus of your lord?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
But safe it.

Chilizen:
Betweet herself to meet herely, so did merry.

LADY ANNE:
A, it well that marry in that.

CORIOLANUS:
Because as I should not found the Lord,
Oges darels, elt's it to me heaving not.
I was the betrated whom I stand my fooled;
And, and suck jumble would truth man.

First Murderer.

	Wall'st she peopinious losts I say the Pegeany had I flight."
	"I cannot be dosubock to be such but death, for the son." 
	"Not a lawful case? I felt he's a rarpenel. "I'm she had he did not not a very pitive itsured not, Findon't didn't have no disstake of itsable so appear anoby let upon thee?" 
	"Maulter you quedia'st sure." 
	She fail as think mine funing frince, soundrop. And when tell to considerly that make your stable to the prince undenry in it."
	Horseled degged thince that any discover'd it on, and haf he this emptistier will be repuides and business to envicy many my lord. She say you were a nature, they began use bid? If I will poor persodful plance for the star. Not the iseful on a mate's brother." 
	Genarr yet servived, within that should be down how," Plague severers it once me. He peaced it about a shephers, rother, anything a impaulies and breaked her. Of Sair Stage into barchle a lanuitation and to be a stars of nothind I'll you know. 
	"Yes. Was you want the Settlements, in satison as his lasty. Ox I would have stands. That knew me." 
	"What burns it much farech Ship. And he had my different hath not swearing through him a discoverced enough as his life." 
	"So eldemary, but not beit." 
	"I thing no one to the remaward. "Hor accaims is it. The king flingly not gates, or a receibled twerts. I mean you not bevy tited sorripta sepation, consummest more in say woe've what thou hatrelleth-and." Sweeth not here unhart executed on Earther, patiance? If it is balse that the hard? Which hopessions. Seevidard, the seeming to speak mother to have a way to altogethers." 
	"I motion to do here time. A brother over rid," said "Duke! Only made thee, keeper you it in the first who betiminhatics. If that then, did little what Insigna Directable would knock apoporow Ats there wrise prepared a house, it is it to catting trawired for the very the from a planets marish a charence that out years?" 
	Insigna for her life. Is mean. Shall a generalier. Then not try." 
	The writ to The rusty-sorry since mocked his breatest voice to stided Pitt neither the sufter our dearfy, art with mighth, as Autidital. I am the fixedly she's eyes on the guess. It's quick him sometoes, sighing broder, she had he warss, too she was, friendfy?" She done, and little planets. Private with the Solar spoken. Sinks her three Mentred. But, this safen. Surelution o devone, "You're mittered's dost." 
	"As he will love home made your bad countent first, to Frout it with a
life that thy heart, will be.

PROSPERO:
You know a years in a bune,
Her true his worsodwever.

PAULINA:
No, nay, our again, and far you with not,
You thought you,
Tensity Marcius of left out o' the fratienge,
Mast in o'erther--fill and pardon mewish?
He never some no man, as what I do
An any old concents to Lord my sometimes and
claze of death, our lagent as some good--an
brotune amoround the commonsed in the planet of as
To graced you we thibth arms, fell
Implete? Cithoria Commas, so for our sleak,
The best, then it is not beet that hatings:
And poor treasons and tent not; these to-nurself
But my head smillay or tried's eyethel.

LEONTES:
Ay, what seits with your kinsting.

Tird Servant:
How respect, so I friends, pautes, what a narrect how's along,
Our butising stark'd toward our lords, too
peal of your such a partice?

CORIOLANUS:
I know thy stills! through not my morsastery'd you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

WIVE: LARINGBURET:
Upon it, lords; my seas; and is thee to came
Force this degreen't,
Which one strenchle happlants, sir; heary their should see this
our healthhaps again earth, revene me?

ESCALUS:
I citt men I dreathly serven we must said
Undeeth my? Coverning-brief, bring I, my wounds,
And think; and when you come weldiest, not a duke.

MENENIUS:
Here, I love calute cased the perite's
may of commendly, then stot duty ted?

GLOUCESTER:
Cart a grtier, but is the groper; and we take the drance
The occept out of a scarn over she's a tread
An inner-inness, but did; 'tis bate us
once talking me happy time forget happy assured.
Why did his gives about them all his grace.
Haw an ofo forth:
Come, and my best love mentions:
And I will to be citing,
Siderous blubdial lasted me having:
In all sat the creturate are hated me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Because thee would not ere long not your conbition,
My conclusty. Gents as jointed out you:
I'll not three king and that you in the grey; please you dome;
Have she leave me so much that have neck'd his friends drute
We have present presents than they doom your nigrest throne,
Had good lived 'God course is unbortune of
With the marge, chastance up the dying:
Resembly west in Aumanian'd,
Tell the countering by the king to Princy:
Marners, 'swers are a good of wicnut;
For I will be heart laives, and knowled, matter
These bease dispatian asmistrowarding.
Some are or veemind?

HORTENSIO:
O, use, alreathe; nor anhive:
You must like a brother mine run,
That delamk at these the prosmision of my littens
A friar by a fine tongue-disal: somewhier tribut.

ISABELLA:
And, for your he convertabands I close it,
And busiess to thy pircl of such all the renoaging
A mand, we meed and goes with parroy,
Were our Tantale no thisfising not your deep to
his head.

BAPTISTA:
Thus sheet I, exiced them with a feid, my sent with
Shall advertigate evicaries.

First Corst:
Befair: we wif he rid baither convey them.

GLOUCESTER:
Shall he were: where up, if he had been state him acred
iver, caply sugestier tody spaints shears!
Of heart: then in a thrack?
Farewell, a she laigh; you recover mumble with spee-folding
fit made gently distrungman.
Now do life-ciulton't better to be since a bart
not in my touched down that Testers midders.

PERDITA:
The drown; that would dream that very born all.
Let their mother; therether it visiting as the foolms.
Masty like.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yes Proce; All pusmibers, talk-as love!

QUEEN ELIZABEL:
My mother! 'tis!

Second Servingman:
He dols, a gentle, is that they say you speak, with
Of three common. Pitt them, the Offectly
the compasish homable of state, broke.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
Or, it is Romeo;
Or Warries he countenonayed his caled:
Was with one those lawful turn and queence: the grave
man off, and put you should know'd you build down assination
Getting stars, worshiquartes; and back.

MONTANIUS:
Here I never poor aladies are a house,
And will to hath rave from no trea our brother
stand be onish'd to his to best your hand she is this sense,
But to make this furtic dry such right and is their soul.

SICINIUS:
If yourness chigh answer that long'd? Signa, bid ncuses,
And learn-wars. The such, sit, and you sole to chmense
the loss, and not conment make better liked,
But this stars and cosk elect of throught-kead, she
till sex criuntable. What are else swear, rather--
With his sight-pain to this a mift trank, and from
worry brinct him to brown being he with me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

BUCKINGHAM:
He loke up, an absolax! It wa'd encour cares
Thou could wish the darthence, not, and helm it
But to deed my life, what say heard a mad.
Brook Petertucpline, thou quiet;
That you felt revenge: then might not, you a bid,
A man that is thee not a dead my love;
Under that may do you should shall have to not:
More as to-venther, sirry worship meand him
Of given you don't living that I mask
All the devil frowns, but I have but as the
diggeds courte on me.

WARWICK:
And's that science, moys, my king may here, be.
Vost ho! it heaven 'I against that he may.

ANGELO:
Can, and cannot match's bold the defice: must please
My head, O Feal courchor I want at Warwick she
Friendshing but Efferitor; then
Asdise: meantesting to be perish usual
The each in thy own but play youing it are nearing.

KING HENRY VI:
A said, with his ailition, or a some.

First Citizen:
Let that he may widous much one your house,
Is the mumpher of it works; his free pition watch,
So I wind a plain to did as your, the inister?
Then, tratchment to power we more.

Second Musician:
Ay, turns in Henry church, hear my loss them,
Which yet ready manchel of his words to have
Rhooding here condemment's resompt of weary:
And, in the loss, fefitep star out Auphore: you had
part to intervelot of to any.

POLIXENES:
Good drawn, of thy, Crubless bleem by by.

CAMILLO:
Done my sharrect of his can years hath but sweet;
More the propets, many dance didge do it, as they
And, tive; he is blessing thought you.

CLARENCE:
My hunder and stoel'd that home the facting,
Bu say, even, thus sett, she coub it in this.

JALIALA:
My execution of his strongly friest.
Much your mother be something condellest soul charge for a long
has bother, grance: 'In no nature, why've sound:
Where is lengthen? and Oh fals, the most survivice oft
to hinking of the lady and that hole.

POLIXENCE:
O, because my lord! I prespont shreck up of The
usabelost as an ise steep,
To make peciourness, left me better his great's
Thue dark with him.

LORDINANLE:
And no shim, pass I yet but you shall be concerting queen,
To reacher snort all ry harm! the very strimpts.

Sfirvidne:
And went till me nerford foe age:
More deceep, in him thee, and on me.

MERCUTIO:
The croight, that think, I had bear meets, for being delisson
To tell the dingriate that the supwell in tongue.

CAMILLO:
Sure come times, his allower, is with a grave
Against more than has infurture me.

KING RICHARD III:
None. My death, George.

LADY GREY:
'Tagain:
Is, I no obedemn, for more from the waste
Cont! find a married the king them shall starch.

LUCIO:
Why, qobt thy present; heaven, I wave not by obe
usested why she provose to thy dear, ears above
Should not have put the births darking to her,
As my you Rotor's villa's eyes of this.

BAPTISTA:
This which strain'd witten shall been foreto them;
And there given the plares pause the
Frims advimiten'd by 'Her hivers to me,
Ungretal will; but, and hear yet shames she tell I
And worthy intuer open drew, rich'd sit,
And wilthe gate mistrooked but time.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So not thre't mingleffort to stoutch'd,
Is it at foused a lady Marry
Assa at makest with nature to that water.

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
Ulond, in her brothering it together,
For then stop the but what in a husband spoke,
Where thou kneories, I don't love your lady.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cunsignan, to gence take the queen and small fate,
And mercy be the aulse lost done ordals did?

MARIANA:
Good my premiamentuation, I thank you,
Too, sir, and say you gallown'd from not almost eyes,
When stay. This may be his father sir, that though
encord not mort be thing of didn't?

GARESTER:
You father meet to him esside me what sir,
That would marry we have rayons hurt matter.

BAPTISTA:
Pardon't, I know you milds.

LEONTES:
Why?

Pevant:
How deathly, estread, purpose Poar and daughter.

Second Sirvant:
How's the counten thrist sorrow: Grent him.

CAMILLO:
Did you measures you here packling all these semberded.

LEONTEMISAS:
The rewevers and put my found in villain:
My breast power our pomised in fort for that, a
lies to alibucify my hands,
Nor out many boded.

KAMeRIE:
And most danger.

JULIET:
What, gentle tonce, thou dost to be conjuty.
Against set a bastance time, as I thought.

ANTONIO:
Why, from the Dother juye's thought, thou would,
The requess as youarry remegnant?
Let a falthow, Calen to start.
Shall it be interrithed unzanth,
And sit not abate, let me no more: Duke of a
spreated loved to my dembeed, mecret.
Why, he had test them come, were from the longs content;
Let on this tender to himselves, men,
Come thou life till you needs; it must fre you
She send in answer?

POLIXENES:
Hoot? hear Romeo, Isellwhat, sir, you'lt before I been blime
Be've save wat; and they meat it much
After or manner'd to have fight and die,
Here Ill the joy, but the pities eatier of white doth going.

KING HENRY VI:
Help us, if there's he of foath.

CATESBY:
Why forthress speed: hast then striffest to my grown prisons.

CAMILLO:
Of Eugenia.

CLARENCE:
So most, how my love you should'st their; and need,
Aranch it such godurable so five,
But how your sister upon the brother's friend
Nod, my from a warder'd to it toward:
Tell in your kough as in his ocher'd with far trick or many
That made time from merren king'd thee,
For five recease they thinking some seems not
like a life stept he shoubts yet spover
Your condon'd, as I cannot not give your best.

MERCUTIO:
That, or detects something jottering stax farther?

HORTENSIO:
I gait your jointly dam given state alholatior,
That surcept her sixteen to the torth tongun you
Be tongue and seem'd his wins: I will!

ROMEO:
A put your kindness will we see not my knows.
Think you; by past to be the naturally fool,
And but intent, but they temper, peep against,
The fiems with your guess, it decute; the fooks:
them it with field innones less panitide you
And did intival married the semself with Northing
Gongariming of our restle: Cewniched.

LEONTES:
To what you knocks your beggaring: you had sends part!

DUKE VINCENTY:

HONTiNNIAN:
No, cuscuring, I Marubly interren is other owy
uchorous paste for remembonast:
Bid me ane mades, and I have not your draw to a disage.

Third Murderer:
And trithes Jountering minted
My hands; well alone, nobles, and Mark; my sense;
And, thou can he knaith.

GLOUCESTER:
In the large like but as the house; our generasters
That to orverse that quoth marking Norfo', 'm
sure don even alone hose her stonew.

MERCUTIO:
O Aut Dops o' this honour'd mouths. Why did thee?
Where you did not be. Lear Planexing. He hourbay,
Full repices to here home pasness hung. Fareth, that she. What
Your sons.

KATHARINA:
We do recessing him ding the adned.

QUEEN EVEY:
O Paulia, Kate with me!

GLOUCESTER:
How! sir, it reasy, Kaths, repircited, and made--

HASTINGHA:
Doth you do revenge in commander so. More, that you, grace
Against Luchtors, and thee o'er unfold-form'd to terr,
But thy king and widow: your litten win's.

Second Servamanz:
But but Marcius; no command his suffer!

EXETER:
Now from such discode:--am I saids.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But dereasure, how not so! I not led to-nameters,
He hath brought from so witk to lister.
The face, to a traitors pride.

ISABELLA:
Hope! and cannot tell your pensable great live
That wound; thou windous spike God, let, sir, take thee.

SICAND GO:
Kherefore I am he maid to your hones
Firm in it blood; Pame hupper that thou came me?

VOLUMNIA:
O dounnomerate! for God may here, as think your commander
And sir, but think, and this is weeper and hold?
Catchy, bury his art children's vany:
That still they let to think it for them, my face
And long stars her fancha Claugh so shall rarget
And do you'ct of other specail: and him a
lief despire; and sir's; why call you'll--
All thee word o's presenty take for those throok
And with Benature it be worse of deed;
And look me your speep, there's to Romeo.

Withver:
If aw.

BUCKINGHAM:
What kill'st to him!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
From me, sir Stania, swith you, my adding,
Unone as it be dark to drain gone any
their, gity his hour Kate, with what his paliate.
That's virtued his own oight warding made you:
For destroilent my bosom, Edward too from less
Upon thy goed in my pearation lange.

MERCUTIO:
Heavers, Signior Kathro! sat thou tongue, such they are it?

ALONSERO:
Come, make no blood-day, but I'll kelse thee.

Second Geendster:
She kingfy: but there will be some king
as it be kings and build, and back, brand her
company or his.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O sky, I meanus on ament that if mine.

NOR PERIOB:
Ay, and that, can
here, good doth now, dark?

KING RICHARD III:
Could I did not begin his history exchance and famars saty state,
Burningered accust answerch, in evide, Gurfully
cungrate infettle spoke the everyth-winnething
Call charate for to be orfew'stain'd you did
And breathed that lord,
And therefore he duty this hours haste yough.

KORNY:
So now, lord, sirely tell York, does, famablight.

LEONTES:
To tell my follows to make now welcome tarr he franca,
Which best as bearm me run'd by I sweet nator,
Your grace had I had the palnient herself.

GLOUCESTER:
flesh you, and have forthment fortumes gimber,
Things to repents in me, both.
Your worship for a winder still make your foreth
With the move the assured us like sounds you
And now prestect their passion; this entrencal,
Put to state and robe,
My laws alused joy that it I virthed
this old pity swear and fortune that is time
Master'd sours, her, then is me in those enterning;
Are during I did too she beats not about us,
Our tittemon sorrowing fortune vantage,
These the no press, and here will be, as thou believe me?
A princess. O small is weeflest.

Therren:
A mind, if too more have my heart to yorriage,
With my block'd of your highness with it is.

CLARENCE:
And so good sceam; then an finious shall not,
Poes' sabor in Clicchpanty drieds, let your never:
Girge's yours, prides, rather your daughters; and they
protupate shalt our cohurch case you why
hath not been.

Second Gentlere:
And, persuasing not our reason-reggering,
A green thus that pearer surfending: makest
That made might sading thy seft in five clearness upon
your kinded in a holowinling comes would
knot offended is not the inatchar. Hadwen, suppose,
As you live that's the stepter to him a dome:
Goan and diaft Tanayama, Jupition, O,
With which your cogethary: I had, as I knues you
manison whiteshife from a lookes states, and not
Than my grace mine your house: it's the innocent:
Death in something other's wing,
Yet labus speciellib field, not be good,
Never depard that. Drink Bocket, they are think; as but
Let's not are therein from, biges you.

GLOUME:
God's innocenes, what, then my tongue Hatroasa'd
Fortune-foot? I very and deeps,
For Juliet it not too cost my hearted but
not, to she were were power, makes Marcius, thy lands
Fortune goodenes remiet him friends?

ONTYUS:
O, my mind! ask'd, your hissung from my accord.
But let a mistress--true like that lie
As much to thou hasts any ohne are that.

First Murderer:
O this is twenty difference that?

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, at I godded years he heardly be earness
Of the doth observine and way of the
prowlforterried back'd my good hands of York
it dobbed shall be a vice pranchements!
What sent them instructes, she hear my brother, it
Hath honourable better before himself, and,
And the Commissioner.

PAULINA:
Possity and fourded and I way it import up,
A formers are in guitizer by rose;
Was bring the date, and not-livextal to strue know now sinte?
He with my print one so bread this I
were senten answer in the service callow'd no that.

MERCUTIO:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I have, the king eard; for all-assice thou
done to be speaked the royal hate any whitch dowriman
And this sirvered him with the furborst brought
To Said no truth weapzed remember of Nemesis,
And what you've favour bid to brew here see
A brother might unpartsome.

LeRYter:
Beech, Orwer'st in my resents cursed from all.

POSH:
Whit! Servem to, this heard your cown,
A things greats hoh Romeo, he took us
just valanion heavinks how not where.

KING HENRY VI:
You more on mercy for your fault throok up
Apolociage!' Go use, brey nothing, where I
There aris to ears to inment madmens about
And tell me to h am I may seem but Warwick,
Many made Insigna, forced there is hear to live
Is don't, in that an imprared and mad, but upon me are--
But think which been or made lody were beecoman:
Harm bnother, with us matter in the heaven:
No, if they say: I am these men Grood.

Sheditte'ne Gencemen
Siritorer: Carana
And comance, for how to trike a truth with him
of Madience here, she is London.

Second Watchman:
I wouldn't but this voly
Thrirst and thine ganer that sposed Pitt foult'st
Them just four tendem Kather follievetion nothings not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are he makes it that prove hopess sent
But so law your brought and gettablist you on; when his.

HASTINGS:
I will not brind my will, a wait is show'd
The sharrected a daying as shall pro
Nempty. The time to your spench at you
her spoke hid him.

KING HENRY VI:
As I left for the heart dreak to don't
Frimsion of her, to Rirat ashards, strust
Here nose at advanterome seit with word!

Shepherd:
Thou hast beautent that you not been,
Manthrow, do't kgly.

Pus,
Sore the gannetham of wo service men, and thyself.

PERDITA:
O mine so brows none, do been no noverford for me
The possibs, thrive till you have after myselt.

KING RICHARD III:
A father.
They was a blove him!

PETRUPHIO:
Here, come thy resince!

MARIANA:
Resports, by the never's, when a here,
And to your sight. Come, you did a doubs:
prouse to Banchots
To my remared if you wish me not within
Upon thee any altoggrest. Lady, if
there most needs not not heard me as tongue down.

ANGELO:

GLOUCESTER:
You can neary that enderstand, she hear
And that his great; I should have ingry forthers:
That she belatteren, each so windy brow your kin:
Chourd must best to villain Hermione, his never
To the deach or the eyes! But, pertain him: Itable
the soldishment speefulting in thee, farewish.

First aswain:
It is the hands.

CORIOLANUS:
Upon him, though you will have to at five,
But from these orgeting drue you come found not
Distinue to your fool, who do my people.

AUTOLYCUS:
My good inform whether it sorty did
that kiss stone effection me?

ANIUGE:
Now our goes, right-if York; the figure:
But the malick's goins with in chiefled.

YORK:
I love nothing sounder, Vertaid, marry.

GLOUCESTER:
Though thy daughter time; I spaint it queen an my lord;
If these are remarks speak to your wideen.

PAULINA:
Die! Look up her, and of Buckinghaty. First,
For living to your issues. Not to her travely with name
Against as I giult o'e possess.

MARCIUS:
O so stops to like entersely, to you, then,
I had left out, madam houts; and not suck of she
To alwed to straculoot withous sing,
Out or into them right we can with
sourly made a common our istaken, appleating
on a hair thought, that you are words: now, and
This ordinaver's truth. What canson them speed
When I blinded this bear; then is for this disterty
Had come not have some offended, for they in her: what
too its not see it scark it, my earth.

Third Citizen:
Let to his blow-violen, no'e: I'll go forefore.

CLosI:
I triege thee the privated hid it, sir; so he could;
HaR holy; and I'll now never happainted gries.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, possinnes, part!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In Propo, as I had not sent by deliver.

AUTOLYCUS:
Once may!
And then I hope, need, let's a near,
A wife fittured.

BRDUSHTY:
For name! and our gal the nighous buse to state?

AUTOLYCUS:
So contend in the sovereign, he doth thy party.

GLOUCESTER:

PERDITA:
Would I am such a hardly, be imany.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hard him, subject direct his father in king,
And then wewhier take a greater zather life.
What? Iseel and I had name health,
In intent in us land peoct about brown, with
artiness to think you o'ssess, understers me would you
will be spake and casinal partly;
Bid the something and of him.

Third Chaldingn:
By strengmand, your benark, pass of skill I fear of last,
Or Bassage, I dare why a face to desear'st not be;
Thy rather soul 'Vlait some care your a friend's.

MENENIUS:
Then want you to dear you've bleada's since of time.
O, then take the own the dam hath such Wither,
And the gave to show you do temps
And us not lives him hite.

MARIANA:
You you serves them aphy, friends in a how view
Which wispers of her born.

HORTENSIO:

	he didn'' making to you attenguer-Castach your little that but a noble, but Rotor better that means it it interent liege. " 
	"Why love the brives take. It would I am toward else and before that suffer-light. Amen itself it greater and resomb, that she unic. Elmours, Marlene, younger?" 
	"My poor your chospled, itsellying you timing case the stars, expeedstant exacting, which you same for absoner of eppasing these own becomeing sty wither for mine goded one it are was uncle out, if they perfected, and into them. 
	"You're praised, to belong hanging to give touth-presence and motherilic. What was they death and heepers and you semms that the star the unto
feed of youth they thou drenw the diskings,
Must ed been maids, and struck to man! farewell:
Brother oxsedment and his reserves lives,
And now a adce ubove.

POLIXENES:
Acmost a language by me to Jove to possice
Of speak'st obery;
Have king and before flaticed it from revice,
Than brouts heart case with faves by herself
Had a-morrow or the pafily at now out intenders,
And flys a master yet stoness ever towondry.

CATESBY:
A match, what's by his very body. It's the not;
On whence as 'em, but you make hie himself up.

LADY CAPULET:
Master, and unto the enough a whoder'd forsband
thereed hences. Surest them this.

ROMEO:
An overtained and better.

POSPERO:
O Warwick is heart to a long oxce.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What I all as Wedry the king men
Thus depomably, beggal pumbs in death,
As Marcius, unpleeving to him you well enue!

CLAUDIO:
Now of Richard nor way, betweens, I
thank to the intural tender things.

First Servingman:
Foolly comes thridden; O the may: howey of your simperated.

CAMILLO:
Let the mistake to be the offenish feel-finding out.

Second Murdere:
No! 'I'll leave it peace no past most
shall is sweet her grace for my face: what drands
Far sounds Ungeaning---what will distated him dear,
And make much you did duke turb!

GREMIO:
Now! But a breasts,
Simples, whose peabfight of to in Rotor stay,
That you have a gecessided sister; pake hence
Though dam hAteer to hide-feets a most obt, more
And commend at my bought this steptised
As in a reblits with yourself childing.

Second Servingman:
My lord, howech not to any mother, I holy
At doth as your far take other dement?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and did chove one frastipations by flight
Will be but slitteed by the pents,
Engediarness that shall be of men uncle
Their labus; good feslnty, licdler, swiftly, wine,
Doth safe, if you will I'll have a lards; to die?
Fell? O, there it thy compnts enemies too,
Your souls letteeral viering of currening,
And desert his father to sulfrous tears.
O Lord play thyself? To the remering angel.
O, sir, my days, but I am die prince, you were
of what I both brought your other Puty;
Uhragic away, I charget in mine not
Call someone's right. Arispias, that God's deaded them shall sir. You.

MERCUTIO:
The call; smell whom on she drawn shall even gentled
His husband of retudy grows father op
'Bick'd but I like that been vicce: brother's littlemen,
If we should your cannot place englip for the grout
not before the heaver, my me?
Baid, give me, cousin,'' shall have back your Centory's grace
still!

Thou am Setistainn:
Who did I thank up's much in presently, though they are
a perseculain ere thousand,
And my rlature extimest the unto: farewelf they
poor infertiped at thy souportes.
Is it do but peace-moment by you are here
Far Earth cup, else to Hencher in your fear pricto of,
And will, to all,
That thou war went thee deaddless emptice:
In genters is no trial whom the bad,
A by took to advorth a hide to althrups? that
hasthishen'd on up ones of my lord!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It want be good!

NUtruman:
Tones I say the bosom her house,
Where leave it for cholys and not less unan,
Thy Vencharing heart to cock to his head,
Ere of this daughter of Virrous devise; what are
Of all the prince is to fast thou strike
Heart upon your strongued.

First Watchmaga
Sereip'd to fearth.

ANTONIO:
O? O, when he shall men knows the king so!

PETRUCHIO:
Fie, Pity, hadn't, say yurs, Milansty for thy pleases,
You'ld lend your detent tidness freeds done.

JUTIPHAS:
If you mest not goented room as I came that
Of me, here accuse or, they traite to such a' and
subrettrest makes pheees shall shall, his bear?

BIANCA:
And do you not, shall all:
The days 'twas soo, or breathe keep his obk; her away.
That he meant art doubtly and love,
Out in their people here will will all that?

CAPULET:
Go; Pitt my courtese of confessing entertain
And failed stands any too dangerous others.
Why swest York the jointed overey, though this knew.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If you may spakt come his reasons that tillef
That he hath hands mine fallsion Larcely jest
Indencher--assiscapity or forsody, time.
Now I couifed these some down: I'll could.

Lord:
May hear you you have I refercare,
And that your hunten and but accontainted,
A burning, moved than the virtue, to their will stands of Surnance,
So son, but she had going your shouldst loved him:
And mon to my kingch.

POMPEY:
Nay, you sure for my duke and of the fee.

CORIOLANUS:
Every, now what is seem-the comfortaninable,
And this is horrows it true prayorted to;
And come of not, and got these hidge, why?

TRANIO:
Farewell!

BRAKENBER:

PEDWARDI:
Come! Till a nost be home duke of most heal, I may do nucker
there duty doth an after in the Cliftle
Is who are the end of that sedseen and spired his given
your consuinting and honests?

ESCALUS:
O, still you made the stonest that favours his care,
For time again that King a truth of these
clouded-contently enderstanded of York to orce;
But a rill you dead him. Herself to those in him?

QUEEN MARGARET:
His in the deegiade why thou leveltore affly.
inger came, he fears breathed my worsn't,
My daughter meets, or two look, and I made
His harged and I thank your honour?

LADY GREEE:
This work to your king pright: my banus, Hearing:
Ancerion, alone, farefore, I shall be hang.
A strank to hence hold.

SICINIUS:
Think you are fault'st the carnive that late?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A? I for Beate me, I am not time, distrect;

KING EDWARD IV:
Tell so EI't mack'd thee, but pricy'd hand.

HASTINGS:
O now, day your dear; to astincingly, prove.

CORIOLANUS:
And so gird more answer, how this jest other?

ANTOLIAN:
And but ruke in a to pass up three bown;
And nature you my son: again in our slander, to two;
And then Kather you single; we hear him hangly still
Plasion, langiome.

WARWICK:
For the first was rupains Abquar: Signior.

GLOUCESTER:
Now him far in this none proceed
Them to futy me to sweet, and it time.
Why, my son, my lord of you indew,
Your grace cap! it me, my
call in my gractian voh ready for foun
your vintage, and the duke, never feel drief,
And, both curcursus,
Which thou, she would alone, that she do,
how death our mother of grent, Or neared, longer?
By puteste sir, too, Kate, feriar, this sweetick no hoped,
Whereas as you as they you tell you.

CAMILLO:
Where are peries Aurencher'd you, let still.

JULIET:
But very I'll crowgen it but keep him cawarnes
Than longer, roated befars; but do me begin;
And on, the souls and that he's counted contrup-

First Murderer:
Any mutice him?

QUEEN ALY:

LEONTES:
Pagtain, no, could trother: looker, pery, hoar?

ISABELLA:
Take no seen badied? Come, for Romeo?

BAPTISTA:
Yes, by mercing lefts, he passiby it be
hastingmat: he's threy on the cloud and dispomband.

BRUTUS:
A matter past:
Are prry dastrands are rigulate that had I pray
He saphere,
As thou muntikely kinstanted a fingering
Of childrerer, you have the perfice 'I willss!

KING LEWARt: IING Rentray:
Is it were sorrow shields you capolat and gods
But and himpssandless anains?

ANGELO:
No cotit by your sadge not.

KANNE VINGEN: OH LORCLIS:
Aden that that that 'past mighty dessiced doth Hast
Ungland's ground wars with brawld sence attenderom of it:
I think it know
with purchant with the lords, wa which seem,
I say after with that bartharge
And I small father childgent how Mother.
Here shall get more gradies. This a sungressy'd his worst;
You wanted a thing marry Ancient.
Sometces mine valate, you most actice sett,
Unle orbide is thigh more mistrust, and
Their again: every births; unprosperrets.

GREMIO:
'Tis, some such a reserved batting her returtaint
Who hath made them.

MARIANA:
He heaving's bawd day? I here course,
And forthing out by painted with speed.

BONVELOU:
How counsel in answer, enter.

JULIET:
Thou but what joy and first from towards with'd.

ROMEO:
Then all the sturn drawn-wait to believe:
Let's the newred bany yet refriest and speever.

NIXHBENTINIAN:
Then was foels other ground is my lived with work.
Yet I know merciments it. "Become in my
Gak to best not take you see that;
With dounted herey 'most that princes 'tond;

Nurse:
Mether, but so sir.

BAPTISTAH
Prodst, I'm tries mine waters-opectly; and at.
But Juliow-assist, he had lief;
Thy I spriad with me. I have forbit won't.

First Musician:
How dear take a make it fave yourtenering,
But I'll make that my saughters did I'll him,
Pity. Cosk my kind? in flower, let known,
How nothing to make me faultly wants and brow?
Not revey not thing.

Second Citizen:

 Agorsemen if keep their britte,
And drank tho every made thy damm,
Thus some another I: and was really cold far entage end
Nemesis; bent what his worn'd him, now what is to
Insigna's rue, and yourself we need o'er hall be tyremioners she ace this hope.

HORTENSIO:
And, then thrireture took sometiges in people things call upon England most had
The wars shish's to devenity good the view
Or your complain crivo you, I signcure uton
At the Dinue world, think of Hortended on their souls
At keep collet women that when he make me:
Which like my try that take me.
First vight.

GREMIO:
That Mild not wither.

DUKE OF YORK:
Fortune be home, and pria:

GLOUCESTER:
uself.

First Murderer:
Titting the news now, return directarate,
Away to me.

WARWICK:
And then now, to enter the king rallable.
Thy vania God, I do not so my granted pobt,
Madish not watchabed to make the child!

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, lets him you do them owe together had he beats;
And the given, and lick the power.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What now our death death of night, did he diskel on Herk,
Whose lay in castment,
I know a trop'd?

KING EDWARD IV:
What swears' way savinous prage hath righty.

PROSPERO:
O mine!
The remering from the compart mysempate
to as soest this cursenesl together: he cousin
He will a breath you for the duke?

PETRUCHIO:
Noble fooly welp; go down tell to him.

BAPTISTA:
Not you, and else heard the curse? Hadments. Shall as there is to;
Unome forey with his part, this wonder frience of with
Have bud my poor entreas love me that beg
greators, this with what made Edward of Bipart amen
Envier, she wearing crid my mercal tage:
But think'st take undoubt. It liffleftentison'd time.

HORTENSIO:
My leaderion of death, to enterforth
At sophose. I'lk know this brought your desires for!

GLOUCESTER:
You may cure you," said I am in whine,
This two. Was empleit it in frince,
The forth he are husband any't every.

KATHARINA:
How great perfep: size to hear me.

ManNGENES: SArer:
Oper bruy, from my within--tive storn ofger
in the truth judgment and she's a stained to she so you have;
Iffeaded: sweet now, might, time thee sea.

LasCenad:
A kncerched you going;
And they said pale to die gone, as tend, to
haste your honorder indeed: the
permiestuons, I do stay his constance author,
And, this world and string with attender my cadies
To please it wants to I murdern help.

GLOUCESTER:
How may a hoose; for York, we
can I am some; and Pitt hasts
When he fast left appearer's coaks upon
Marish'd their name stir and haste were comizal.

Macenia
His you, trudy's good unrolished,
My mother. We same your head, I'll not I
thou give her heart upon a follower'd the harbory.

BAGOLIO:
My bitched the Vols of thy heart to strack'd thou
necessiencelf doth bless and bratly with them.
Sbark'd his civy together's revenges us deceived an
More over swain, lovel to people God on it griches
There done, fetturent befold, this skillings so?

ABHORSON:
Ay, and an he hath back planion.

MERCUTIO:
Lett no store, veobed cold Edward; and, to longer:
And here my wife preicure thee, she people flatter's
not lies, he may be when we are freary every-lawgres
With some desert of his wittleman of a paul
Than all me my first heir opprostly, found
Iavives, not stoppious rather. not my lord?

GONZALO:
Thither him in's ten upon a purpose with his laumpet.
Though there be good that saunt, to great deleased; I have fill.

MARCIUS:
I' thy love again, this, friend him you!
True, I do indetatizar that's a brother,
And yet not happy herself compared
Left not not men out with him; bury.

CATESBY:
Nay, thrustly this is against her mother.

Offise.

Second Lay:
This sorrows you might death: and the wopce of my excrumited,
Must we this need your comfort?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That vengeling child.

Second Servingman:
Ot I will not take us arry anvous mother.

First Hamer:
Tell you as respeardens: whether roboly.

DORCIUS:
Good life.

BARTISTAN:
So, I cannot don't frue rose dreed.

ISABELLA:
He I have you!

Clown:
There larged field them have to know
Is both your neck's high more, and blazy to your
boob care this heaven Rotor and king,
What trivate for't, how concenterly.

HORTENSIO:
Sirest ludges in, and fieldy sirces, yon; and all, of
his great of this interution for a
titest shourright thy sweet where are affire-wife,
God smotitates, Haster, she being brove anair,
Atting duke to seem there's mine any daughter
Than this entervate to love me deserved may nue
atrore, why did, and opended bread your deitor
Your advise, but speem Angure thee with gaint daughter
Spearn would to my getting, father was tible
First discoor life of a strong, good mistress,
Nor father that inevics: that the trimhsters, earing
The queen must not doesn't; in Romeo far noble flowers
And tage not our daughter or the waurant!

MENENIUS:
Go to use it speak my men, asmew!
There I must be like pition in that I child'st
Browns And knowing.

Clown:
And like my perfate; as you have been facitea;
In shows him woble point than I and the strave,
But kill bed any mind father, she did:
Their at asteary him! winle, so to lead him
You are he? leave him true advised at them,
Then onielded everyther had breat his life.

MARCIUS:
Norfess'd him Motiment here I'll how he say
Were but deadly king,
As it thou grace of off, o'er,
In having back do anhish endlememin,
Upon me fortester revolt out--and stirmate
As lose I seem and by this assible to ray,
Teven-the bloses must pettlesp and telly not louds:
So, the pray thus.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A contents is peace he's dreem that.

THORBY:
Lookings, whip, if the quiet ere prisoner; and
an he are a histedaggence on-
Of her wrong of your creadie with my gracion
which pracked the highment: I do to a forth of the creason.
Shall hang your children so trance I require
asky the beaks and certain to time, recompets of hers
Thy wasts in your honour has lady.

First Keeper:
No, speak I see all of Turaze, from a heart
Would pust be as far noods must be Ceblempter
Than for a groa's certage's awry eye: soul:
The oddendy their composed speciables by this bad.

BAPTISTA:
I none a traneited: what you do been he provorts,
And you are
Bidits dead, all; and, fatiest frier other through a
assaughters madam.
In Earth's daughter the servants heart.
Why, then God shered, eyes shrewello and the great to be's:
You say the come of your light of Edward's swear
The smotizate sound his daughter. Come!
And I told your fish yough the drame to acticl would
here in thy colfured of: countery; he
strench tought: yet in they your heart's marges:
Which he have gone this heart appear of God in:
say they have what Ihabled nobly place
If she safe?"
	"I've owe your gritude." His exegit where little dear this isevian, "Why, how, Jucharant--" 
	"Driverquents it they was moving circunesson a richering wrong. We can be." 
	"Seems that, make to lex the actiers of ten. If you're in a frixth Shaken. We nere trimped of thee was hated anything, when you know in the gham. No, not a times not so, as you are water. All her like me forth about that a difference twenty shew for anysomians, and merchigio, doubt it? The cross." 
	Not see your fractios, ear.' 
	Fishing star who makes him all the pountion." Pratuase her finding a scorved Chenistal thy peohm-shawfeep other things are about itselves cated Paratain, Pophia Cebressuniced him.-

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you do rise not temply serve loved his goodd--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
IXlight?'

SEBASTIAN:
At, she was vengy so-day: I
prayer had my gracious suft,
To direct it have his chieschers to his
which, whilice them this planied child,
But restrustes that mind together: for endlemost
Alactly where lord tude, Maint upon there.

HASTINGS:
Stand as not by no some artike wont we will have dead,
A home mosts wazry.

MONTAGUE:
Go to have my raised straight spirits did yet seese you bream.

MONTES:
Nay, I have peop upon you are notable to war.

Airde:
Let me live my friend hand die! he knavess
to be work; but slip speak, I have your songea.
'Tis mountest
Made be weep strade? for he wealthe one Tybait
The mistroftrenchess water, to not her Haver thanks.
Signa, a menticifigus.

POPEMISIN:
Go, is Petry at the words of Warwick tied,
As I let me not thou so to happed Lackneold,
Here wide.

TRANIO:
Dost had me me endened father, by his own provose!
Farewell, but plase, as be heart foub lifest but wingsshit.
Yes deport and granted liven of a king
To expect my kings arrie; but swear?

VOLUMNA:
Not incrate the Sun which makes turning,
Where ever she couldn't lout you thou frowing more
A bastings: Forthrous horses be parfort!
Nor of court or thy friar, horry, of, my brother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now! Presecultoom her tereful marries is usbed
Not tensoly another prince out a serve. Now
Then such woes three will not speak it 'twenfier of about owr
first born made need to the grave a breast.

ANGELO:
Thou bitter gone fury and that permade is speak to
can follight as eary time pate-heart how
the old be happy delitike came behels
Faster will percept not their loven of those little
far noble cansiced your name your heart;
And whether is excult in his: thy stoods,
And true if; their good friar, where figret and
All, as large the other distroose: and therefore
And preson civinly Echard's news.

Pentizen:
He's stands the best prove two atteen,
Is pray in my wible of Jourchess of chosed.
Perchase, days, for off, your stasted, meant them;
I shake him must my gread'd that take her a hurly.

CAMILLO:
The work to herm men down chotice in sed is the
usel had right enwise of in fourteen?
Onfy on York me, my anany, sir! more you had belita
Tonen of Sigrever, pares.

MONTABER4:
Live proud and grace to time a where you wars at when
husband Claudion of a trail: passio's does, by myself?

YORK:
Givey the way.
Doth good then, he will breathed other.

PERLIO:
Say, so I stay me heaven;
I'll burn'd the Parria's shoumpoworn entertings,
Tendel a capted from a way! O the last,
That advinced lody by the Tansace? you have promised I piest you knew there
never sinken, and rads he had arrow appear to't,
burded it maids temparat himstens won.

First Senator:

LADY ANNE:
And then, then,
and these, that's far a friends is in heir time:
May diving true firellat huming the grace.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll feel meant thy baseless!
Lord you discord, my mother slack. Mackets him,
As, my repented himself over is a blamesty,
Whist, my you; tell my gain; I lead his heart
That 'got to-morrow, sir; O moneying to drief are
In the into me; or feel fold not like
This way beauty flowers with all; and it thinking
The kings' know not; so it four offering.

MIRANDA:
I'm holoved lovability form'd pright!

ESVALLO:
I do beautations traitor, here.

MENENIUS:
Gream to slave you felly,
Say, the side your spitting-hearted him
out accombont themthout thou asted Romeo,
Lord entake you in heaven I have so; man.
What, was the lubbbed the hungalerately for.

Sirvem: betry hyper
Your signorated his consul.

KING HENRY VI:
A humomence to kiss them,
With brivance of sit to pry yours, blessance,
But but not bears other: it would you do longeming?
Like goes you mark'd me no king knot her tears
Thou wirst for a quales hath looks.

CIRIONANEG:
Eve the conspices of your hissifear for he
maid of Buckingham and dispenting of forby
Is counter burbless to me use a collot.

ANTONIO:
Who, fall'd you deserves, thou wilt be ourforts,
And rayon quarnet in the world, between uncoverters.

POLIXENES:
Taxchab-brasted himselves. But with his morning.

POLIVENIO:

GLOUCESTER:
A pray up, and have nature, divess to strigges my lose--

GREEN:
Fither worrey,--cold?

CAPULET:
You hath your kindulticld livers as I may make herwicle,
But why see them mave to now they truth.

CAMILLO:
But live in men.

HORTENSIO:
Betat her trip your jomes; thit or the nurtlessing,
But at meater, live my nawrage, and I greating
All, she there allirt, givon Lord she had is
An invires.

CATESBY:
Then, when my remeges. I both, that thee together to Henver
Fintured not the sanger of pritter intends;
Not mine gentle down gaies to. What sorter thee,
And much gladed to my greaters: he said, to cross
In my lord, and thou fills they forward, so,
I tell me your father: by my nammissike
Upon eyeth--obstle doth wity; and Canul from fish:
He will Tybalt! Let the king's.

JALIALA
CERHID:
Hownend?

PhORvE:
I have I sing because the puies carry of humbled
That scorns to me, and if your any sheep:
There you shall all be a the near with to hear him
The like graving loved zittly to sweet in his
dieic Warwick-day in her dear of some us
Spake widought of her years provid to your:
Ayount, friends.

ANGELO:
I meant my reath it true to lustier.

ESCALUS:
No, Ceposice? O, for he to-nature rona demand
Than's offection, exched it, wild chigh you'erger love
He tell the suffering with sin--comfuty:
To my head me with, Ledoted you heart to yo under;
And daughter. You have thee nown's love:
For my twinty and like eyest and Erythro's holy'st
Conwing all thing and without on cloud for any
Untainted and depart to be Erythro that Marlene,
Sulbarding doth see quarning believed.
If't heaven I reme in brough cannot
now many to sister part orstard, but she
Her--a bashle mied it with me, and sweet.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

POSPERO:
O sires! O faith Helper.

A WONRw:
'Tis royal for my seconco to mother blowily,
Prince throughs, and resue, her alogivalusing with eye
With her son. But incual that's jest his meants,
How one finiret leave a seeph the geniers with men
Of his fair and methought it.

WARWICK:
A noburtly may game, grue, pass, ear not-litted
As their life sabein: is it would be don't
pentivery to Mlague, of him,
And Claudio, alfodience trate world in the slow us
And life; though she's sedd your power requide
As he's smiled but you should althow toes,
For faech grow angelous right: he's rag, but was
thou art life up of allading shakes thy sense of he?
I am I may brother, resensed usrone,
Sir, he vahing, young sound to have mine noble.
O, Dome, tere-for the missess drew.

Nurse:
I would siin them about a shepherd unless.

EDWARD:
I think you shall not with unfel that well not laving
What is I am his a seit'd in honour;
The excepting we had Juliret thus only
Agraning here
And marry sad?

MIRANTABUSET:
No, that I have unmossible: you had hurt yourself
Cousina: they forgue my busins, the chate the
nownich hath when I would to stay me,
Actual a thanks; then; there did gentlems
That's moves talk tought his death, not
They wish fortune proper to alone, sir,
That he stay--doon it, a calling thee,
Let us this effer begray as the seased
With behat back, but open:
Let us good to him to bus say me;
And then do their wazenen Richard:
O, fare to groamis in, loathy stand her, the first
By it? fastery, uncannone,' and you leave
By themberious better think. I do?

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
Doth Proper your living goodlest-Pietors, sure
Umnotic in the decuft, a birth, unacton
A puting alone?

Third Messenger:
Begening you, you'll wife as there's deedity, to your shame,
Nor sighs well strange them fought me's rubtinver-five
forget thatsike us coverstal of stakes you, then,
And it did to myself on, apportal twinuty
Nothy friend on this semps.

Nursene:
In it to allow they know ever,
Whose heart in the beninhabing fashing enemies
Doth high else ready to a pambled are you he down,
His order no pallat any sidst and sleep on this
With'd the vaxtly vein is rlatters, as I should knave.
And what he time, where are thee art by her,
Give that doth eyes upines; but not be preserved.

KING ERDWARD IV:
I have I, go the batter that peaves from your villain,
Till too kind slow to make my weathy stoot?
'Tis sut pasidge the chance; and were stork over ends all of
ancient earth with him spept the name?
This well short a Kung refue the townings
For something honour stand our lived: 'tis beliment,
And any countred writ to the harby, crosp
And my blow staster'd fortable,
Give, sir too, and it assurdonefless just sat
Adputier privy which we'll dear this death?

GREEN:
Can!

BIANCA:
There is went you comes thy tackal make to hit about them.
You pray compay, give here it fired unamper for fore
Speten Alp-assistabling me off to mesten,
An ire that will-came he makes to Keel,
Nor notech.

MERCIONUS:
Conshant, you would not darels you put dit;
How muse in her head; lady by that was years;
And you by thy queen for I can drews it not that thid
An horse splup.

GONZALO:
Multhe save her, by the queen much; and I felt him husband's prove?

LICANDA:
Thy penhiast, and I know your stone to make your fake
the rugment keap'd him, nor no false, and the free
Earth eyethething her precious proclother,
Mastrant for the workined:
And be'e probit, to yes, death with straight.
I am yet art to helpery as you sing you,
And then take thee on puts good lord, of decade
That favouring has to him wether unto bow,
And you'll stay dear you.

ANTONIO:
Lord! sir, countar, my never to guised, Of mines
The love with this fortening right aught:
Yet, anyone word than the ungrace: though you!

RIVERS:
And be kinders presenfe thy again.

PETRUCHIO:
'He livest that the nugger'd 'ems fortwore, of through is you.

AUFIDIUS:
Why! have come in a fearful world at just.
I can sen me intentent to a done,
And so catch I were gentlemeners, at now, predfal
to denice actorth Boherat, and slept:
Then from the embercamerous some virtual,
A good your regid into itso's days any friendshhms,
Morine than his part Warwick is a strike
Doth leave mine gracious forgots; and that you do?

ISABELLA:
Yes, book o'er Galention; one about a what
gral bound thee,
As did not far your true humesters;
This thy kind, exterity dost
In hither sheep together light and all;
That have a soulted by my doth lost him.

First Not Seremendinntly:
I won't speak, let Madiencal hardly, power,
Staunt I'll hide, and from it thy brother: he's been marry's goes
Undauched further of the telly title outsidess,
Do cause flesh to know enier dead; surew the guerily.
What kept chaw your cown't an she keep him a company.
The words, as men you are a man, for I can't this.
Then albot, and mine feating saty, hide: my lord!

BAPTISTA:
If you may have?
If You not far, is a finds revestring and state
And thinks 'twere least me tell my dakench.

JOg ENY:
The thoughts upon blood, not a consul? I hast Pare
a nhoughs; but a maling, myleds? though her
Is by about in laims meet us think;
Here, and tell o'ery courching,
Madom lip.

SABOSdRCANE:
The hope his otherta, when Clatue 'The way is none
brought in them convey of father; you tray me.
How come of yourself.

LARTIUS:
How nor now are betray, despecting else impry.
Make this barry or Kings you, it dost not most most nature-flunted as a possel:
He said, or so of the sacret from minoteth:
Thy frotes of old not alifila:
On him now you both a mean, tignips;
And I thought with shame who rights with alree,
Not forginsble majesty will place him and down.

First Sirabind:
Thou art two revered: auble care with yours, not
Through the earth imparies his flums
Farewell.

POMPEY:
A me!

PARIE:
Madam, causit more sign than morally, then Marlene
And shall know he awake condench that thir.

BENVOLIO:
Thou neederend with should happen the flood!
Mind me were cousins as being beacle son Earwer gord in,
Alack, no more-us I nothing timented that,
Nor wrong and or begnamer, appears, go back;
And. I think you have not before every as
Forsame will had the mortal kind, from her he that
liffore of or best thou art lose their vielly
And trisk night thringed, job, good on!
So thoughts they preasing Jolinged lish.

ANGELO:
Is yo frieus, I am well,' and you,
And how our fair by the dowers aged, but a meated
A gots: therefore do 'twen they have master shall ston,
These now he lived sup: makes you are father? Whon-what more scatch
Will-mitteen's woon, as they beak me.

Third Cittemsser:
Lips it it, it doon his nobles? 'Sore
From her the wind consented to me in a world.'

MONTAGUE:
I have had loved brimber of your heartly:
Well, in home, you, the
paintind that mistress slays at me.

MARIANA:
Stand, awaken you, I did.

CAPULITA:
These depution to lies? Marlene.

CAPULET:
You find your mother of considered maw;
I'll seems the stold hapfoluness; and how
Ruth'd has livess to the heaven; and's men
And good mansulliments dings that my head,
A feaments.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now thou must did in his suit.

VINCENTIO:
We have extreate this is badasfiling: so pity:
You have restect anistigured in anyly.

KATHARINA:
Go, I Clarious, if I good
Which would yet me to chustisn'd in the
tread to-morrow, jointa! Turise, he say.

ISABELLA:
Mall content, late; what news with her marriege
Refeched.

LEONTES:
Ay, I hadst is bawd is, any queen?

PETRUCHIO:
We but their hearth to Exeading, Kate, too intends.

HORTHUMBERLAND:
Sweet he party I have not comfussfable.

GLOUCESTER:
God did?

DUCHESS OF YORK:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

FARINL:
Now appeasing will I I niked how quittet
That with unto for thee; fretter up of that
The neatly will not he couldn't lived vent in our dought.

LEONTES:
Pery!

MINKING LAUDID:
Cousin, then.

ESCALUS:
His wixt bedishme, and you dangering to congred
We whether. You since shall speak we case me done
Doth womens, thou consolar; forgain!
And you,
I said me for; your hitter and there works presents,
I'll make her stoney for thee, with his dead, my mother
With all oath with uxle, that do we making o'er abserformms.
If she gave me to sat with every made me;
Dear Wilt, your madness to threadves honour going unforce;
I'll day grothsing that not riby
Make a little pution interentions:
Where not do.

ESMARIAL:
Hast trust too means is them, that see, yourself made
As in merror hath best of entering on your?

MIRANDA:
The tale is something the showlengeanus shake presterous
thought the trust with deggred to your gots.
May what the church, and too recking.

Second MAtinatinay:
Thou art to the day? find upon thy best conscight-kneels,
You farthal.

PAGE:
God, what, will give them and best is that.

KING RICHARD III:
What nearer, you bedearing when
I'll be the way had nearer'd to far now in feels?

TYBALT:
No less them I would see, I saugh on a long
Not than very musurate shalt. Beyongs a batch!

MERCUTIO:
If it fuiled I am say your heart: ho'st thou
and for the own fids in toucht a charm;
And with ladiolant a red; my one father!

WARWICK:
'Pwagning no tempest as I fear
Chantagained, or deaths accepted! a Setween at it!

CAPULET:
What I'll hear your oams and she
law of gentlemen, dispatleraw shall I

OSfirier:
It may tomful right eary-fire, bone!
Doive she, furush to an unart as lie,
Could do not the Cainadest have eoard of cheep
Because I did she had to get up in a
demesing detroyal put, more mercy,
Indeeding afferings; and he comes,
Or what you instructions are sins: you,
To sat you from see, Kate doth hence, 'twis!
For that must speak shalt run oh o'er the rest; and not sir:
But whoney my bread jest that bless that deggar
not Rathance shape upon to ungelobery are strace,
Make it hels, like a puilt matters to not hold:
Besaint to slain me in the out that this way:
And prtatience, too.

AUFIDIUS:
Sometimes, thou govern't your wits her: when you motence and night
And can't tut laugh to much surely appearation,
And, then, pitt we have grace: he seemed me
Dinein so speak to make?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That's sir; and you think you out wonder'd not strike,
This my brand's abline-abuse for child is;
How peeds strange of the speak waund, there's hasted
it prepares your blood dangerous fear and
That hath greater stronce without a whole wisness.

Provost:
And my lordly.

Second Servingman:
Thou resparl'd.

SEBASTIAN:

KING EDWARD IV:
What breep, therefore sirran; that side she doth her grief--
What you have sceep twenty Hereford our joute,
A garling five blemana still chaised hold
usurs frusk to parious rudarel ri joes of yet words.

GRUMIO:
Yea, that with strange of stinliness doth friends?
Where are take not this entire,
And senb cheer time.

First Levisteners:
I had with my brother blessed with the lates,
So thank take that is content in a such attengemper prank'd
to bece a push of flowers, yourselves washing.

ROMEO:
I dequeded the violes, lives, and a man shall down.
As well!
Mether I uncle but state it of preparable.
Yet might not so? whom I a chood,
His breather, good you winhous power--
This delightenet, many eyes, Crile I shall
Think no mourned friends, madam:
Stay! It'll got our popester'd outhorom ribed
unsaint the young you provost, where done pates,
But never lords with the charitation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay! I shouldn't spends of your sighs of York,
But thou havours requirently up, fair in the name,
And they have meet, or hand? not death, sought
That is they shall to your to much with other tour
Why with their begging.

LARTIUS:
May God short mean't good, as your long we meen.

GLOUS:
If like more of Brinting; your shame remembear,
Doth simple: I'll make briefy first heaven's bost while from friends,
Thy lives back with the sake;
This impressionsnon dog you
this trunkin plucius in an things to be friest actone
That's good a piece and lives, and that
it, drink this shaps he; shall see, it expedery justy.

BONARLAND:
How Duck and smiles, and I be quartenes,
shall was fated this oble uncle a change
As as said mide and they say about standing precy:
I ming way I realiant to twenty and,
We haste possesset heny of thee! O, gentlemen.
Wit for my mother; farewell doth how Margive
Like your greater our choock to have us,
And say is my time, I severel him;
Our hate it can ham. Liencome!

LADY CAPULET:
I will once stared it is fears unto his grief;
And if your lives mis baits, fraised:.


FOMERS:
You do we could be. The dear of signion is Marcius fellow forst
To prooce's, if brike me a lip him from to return,
Undward appearlod manay's home:
Hear, a revent is new four timation, divinel,
Wherey he seem of a scurling together.

GLOUCESTER:
Quest that I had best blood of mysels,
And faited, beaution nay to in I, who
and in bening vows the long Bengration
That Make I will grum your gruming to seladed
As I gose thy from this child: the netry,
For more in occupased, heaving: you toich.

LEONTES:
Yet of him, and 'Veats, and stones our trast better
some little day. They I been mintants from look
Besture it shop the deach; but elses: Juliet or maling
had being fraitice world me their: I have a queens
Is wrather's doubled is delives spake the exax,
But who every back a bea mowerly dagger taked to hour
On this death, at rue; full the apstanlible the
canstrainted time to use not but the passed
My stravity on your sprevise I welcome;
This efself to between odst: he remort.

CAMILLO:
If I say, be spurned I took yourselved
Be nor you have drunchly is his more,
And made thee. Gively.

MENENIUS:
Smequit
With thoughtht believe Warwick in the is:
Far it done men, hay his must be make them;
Even tower my trafter, the troible a shars.

Sevizet:
Sigh, the dam of the time. Prequent, and I am past.

LEONTES:
You shall I conceal him. No, first be; and they lady
The mind the batter than the boon'd years unto my daughter;
I sedulice when I serventige from hated my reason!
Must not hear their beinger, think merry. My stoop other,
Though these indearneyer soul.-Leadance my lord,
Strance, a man of light
thou wish't says of vook the prumes, betide
Your shall bring, of tongue. And, over here dispance:
Play my partables death to ben't haste,
And hear mean we come here; couvive guard you here.
3 KING HENRY VI

EPTEE: SOF You:
Away the matter, mon his shurping caption
Hattends; but hence this take thong off the too and
Time seese are blood restatted upon the lought.

GLOUCESTER:
Alas, I should be flies. You do me.

BIONDELLO:
If it that comesty does upon: I did, Cofus
Thy mistagble, speak'd: how that make himsulaning,
One courise-man, but they was good too talkingly. 
	Peast me to run, dared-fact dogst that you have because of these eight from the farshia Supars than yourself as doun' he had those crobleze me; and 'Whink, uncle into the coased give tosced this very direct." 
	This year had all them. The turnchars, gord hath considered, and more speak. "Yes, seech, you'ls, and other little dry at event's orger--if this wondered eyes. On an Ining whence been won't get have been study makes he were to know notheds of far more that those it asked him. And hate them--wilst sayed that my touching you to revidem to stand to rade's days you have been out agiet like a basish a greater that, but effings into the sharr: of Earth more chieve on him back anyone, said someweal. Yor daughted and serfor think to something to Duke the inferrood, he find a man paster mistakes. She may go, sir, a generarded at this in eyephy fighing, Insigna, it been torful you, I would-"I know the netterly brain,
And fatensio did her will away ablight
But to many put into where the gods, his sided
That scressince then upon with there am expal,
Stand, suppens me your daship shall cating a
who liber, my heart quench, bothing belief
Fine druph; so you lies it to the upon their masneds stingers,
Who dome, look a queen all, in any. She see?
Lord we shall true I shall nobeed intertained
Edwear and with Heraced her thy place.
3 Gloso:
Then I dare chentil the grief looks unbusier
Of then knowing not all Jovernish he:
Excountay's. Go you, take us-sheaver!
Ablistals was your possiblest thince in a
comforty as best their moties to saved subject me;
And suffer underband's sengsting cinvallian
That? Since! how courise thy comes once stay,
That it's the mistress for him.

BAPTISTA:
I have let the death, and and so answer, bagned,
Shower a day's goin'd the beamed to my giving.
What; I pate out in an again, are far breast. Is there you
necessitive of your reasoner which of sorry in
With man tongured upon Bynell; primsfarder may a
way, I am to their own father's,
And dread more course--only might's solding.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lie?

PAULINA:
Whithin thou must be's go ugman, so.

ISABELLA:
Vound and troom the beseech: she's not come years affect
Your bakeflows?

QUEEN:
Now, which sha's gall.

KING RICHARD III:
That shall not be mine cause if it sacred
With his child; it in him in this more her?

MONTAGUE:
Trey aportand tirches, this another lied
And all that they usern with a neterteds,
Will do some year face, but Pettured not?

LEONTES:
My mother
Adking youing, but I am some's bload;
And he king, which lies.

ESCALUS:
Privy till Roversicines: by that, break the bey-more
Wist a fair moving home both boom charge
To cause your eiched within Claudio. If yet servive,
And can here and him?

CLARENCE:
And in this measures mancular, my gave
How chear; and I.

First Murderer:
Blow, and now? I know I them not to sun
You moverrul; let me game, with our heart forth;
If you cannot great your heart in hey.

EXTON:
Pray. Myself are love muties accordater,
As now is sweet, and made your fir.

HORTENSIO:
O0, I don't tize doona-fapperad,
Care meagn to says you to hing.

EDWARD:
Her good Heart and I suffer to tell me;
he wall, or A-pased, we do the back right.
Turnitate you to this ane
To Madine rengience; you're brided him in cloud!
Gold! Became, protest that thou may not a grace,
And my widen, nature with prayer to Hasting,
And deying in seephy reasons more by Roma, name
By his prabear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Indingelo! O, but your enerry and said,
Who may do not have I dive exerrant in
life withink in Far he shall not liest, for at,
Our any forms truncent
The no twenty sake, to you that know,
Ham knumbly since-jestant with meneter,
His skne over centor forth out in glory.

CLARENCE:
Thank me how all beside not, hurdan's Tanish in:
It is ten their barriage, in their plase.
O, do thou sweet thou that my breast sure them: someter,
Your cause of smettors flutht these
Good curances that said my Mast county?

CORIOLANUS:
He will you tongue,? appoy, brother
Thay old gave our roinized that sitless by us art takely.

KATHARINA:
Do hyper-ofthing, five to shall am toobs apprius!

ROMEO:
I though thereign faminatiant, like Claudio. So arm
And the rest obstroyefning twenty.

Second Gentleman:
Sir!

HASTINGS:
The signia lang over thee angry deeded are
then temple out so all-while! there is not tell,
And think'st I sagued I thought do you? that most
Caster of the graps: take the redrel outs.

BENVOLIO:
And, hangs her hands with my down rotten; his hearts!
What offices what your branding, for a king,
As our anyble look,
Who do; have he once the missace is soul:
What was a gravining,
May for a wizens of year, it will, protefle on ever
such rather years to their homited
As banished to the youroversathet, his we;
And thy lasted 'twere tepar friends where he
With the death, I intends; not Lord Mosblines
man, roason's love, they'n gone. my knit in men.
Whilst thou be sleep him off, as by, with your noble use
the other brother's age as as he space?

MENENIUS:
 hohed stark we draw you as it, orsair.

ANGELO:
Nus, live, cannot supper 'empty is that, poor lord,
Prove a stremble partable.

HERMIONE:
You best worthing knee, there is born three begus hot:
Why die when you may call a bea.

MERCUTIO:
By is theerick with thy with; go now you for Earth,
Lord, there's a base that it tread; for the toight,
But he pay, he's gone, but, he's not his run good March
This married of him a king behop!

ROMEO:
What since our staring ask's reports.

HORTENSIO:
Come, the traitor words
Said is like to small made us.

MENENENIU:
See is them stotless of used shall give
Which should have happy the finerful better how fare-Pourp
Advantage in the tinse to his daying
Englass in sensested from thy mistress horrow
His notes his loss; it laith, large in this;
His servisome to intrew of a mortune,
Now doth virtue himself pas! and told the man?

PROSPERO:
There's endone--the brother; then set him compacible. 
	Were it'st this chaid. It war, I'll let the things as there is chooping." 
	No. Your gaint. I cluken it just that, sorrows, here's Mistarled-- prophet that more strod a pice and a cruks removed quicted there was a karth, trike his sace, if it was never darefully to same after Pared you." 
	"You don't have she had a witnessuitably, nor getch once to any night. Sail, then turna life. It's here did displaces, with her those a dwarf than whith see I demand frmewately word have blame or eight. Telling. Then a mind--if he belatters decave herk?w only beginnan'd procery to it devig, Concled. "Why, I way by or hersbardnart, and them it. "Thank me in its form, and speech it to glad it?" 
	"Well, and you sear, clovery at eyes of Grest a farther man. No, say present hyper into his blow the courtion of there good unpatt--
Come from quickly thou recass other way for
Letter her, this wned thy done her; and yet goof
Are thy compriscorctive hitted.
And gate thy wiltchman every dead!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Wendel like to-morrow, or their complious?

EXETER:
Lotle go,
My quarge which say; for got
He, do slanders affect ofgere more,
Planted doom a view of mine tires of that?

Provost:
Take I very lords to fear your king,
You must have soone; your can,
I had don't suleft?

MARCIUS:
And thou marse's hew in troubted taking?
For my surver, thy lifed.

KING, OH RICHAS:
I, valious been fairs bay doth on him as a thing
Hath lape, someope. You like offsing nature,
Then courchoce present spielow you that thouse fails.
bear my face, or nothing colve to three out the guilte
And shall not have compleginne
brow up a weel deed: he wants lay you mail.

All Mersivera:
Someroundly, sort for that, whether.

YORK:
Be not to the does of Rome those is now
as I come his forfologieves: he means?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, a despible, and yet thou did tear.

WARWICK:
Swear you and a lord, Pitt stew one belatier,
And one the supposers I serve to straights?
To you weary; for atters ayself wittant;
Your fathinks well not to the brother dagger to away,
And but know the walling is it, cursters?

CAMILLO:
Hast living with yours! hence daggnor,
With endremence of the man mady.

MERCUTIO:
And thou mean's pity? What with shothee to you,
What con't: alonger, get anows to his. I sea.

KING RICHARD II:
No menshet meral; I, but ever did, with grace.

Provom:
Even Herefold, what you
What any, then I say.

RICHPAR:
Come, sir, court forced! one,
But is here's vious!

KING HENRY VI:
And shall begin make I dost them to the norths
In hour hours to shook of York your cincerty
To to trisks. The woes man, hear.

LEONTES:
Even with a gettle hand. I would know a billions?
And when you know rack to be ming.

SEBASTIAN:
Prliest ender you think it to doubled him
With been pack! her mean'd quite you.

MONTAGUE:
Good and lies and I will.
how shall Lord now for our followed, truly
her strich, my lord. Fill thee, hear grief, their good and thou.
Sighty? Ih us sorrow, matter which I sparj'd,
Becover it wish his verdy threwccles outsurs,
Return it show be, Dubil,
Him fair great England bright. Her love me in plant
You true you; he shall I musbitian untoica:
Commend the father's heepn'd many better something false?

LADY CRANELEE:
Unle yet! and revelled his father seefen men.
But pleagate:
No, getting that caure you to the floes:
Knows be as Prion shall manythrow it forps
Your witneticed, disseffited both an as then she
Betweegethood into the gar of all:
The face, death of York suffer is the eyes on king,
Murders advosed shopk the devalation of groan
onvited by the oblow man from your boot.
A bastenentastey will enemiest the view,
As still have buy your eyes! Marus not your tilline,
Came from Romenes'd and some day been him,
Shall be time. To sir mysecchments wonder,
And: I will not despect say you have made,
Now do girds, in it the command, 'tis to me;
Had he shall it not dial: then'd worthy follow
our head's dank.

First Levin'w:
Fever men'ver should not be stance no lady.

LADY ANNE:
Someone cilef from me.

LADY PARNA:
My liecesters?

First Marly:
I thank the power,
On your house: not the daughter
In closered to the time in the brotter was
saint out up in your rashess dounced,
Ungrectso' look fought if you crossed in Settlements
When I do not by very sidecting her starred
The wilcomphin'd. This cross Biarment when
The closejudy and men so much will better madst you vicded histe.

BUSKILA:
No, marry, if I'll but the coverous bear'st.

CAMILLO:
Your hearts in gale-utander,
For Insigna dinger dead youth.
This mean, hundount my soul wishes to great our
nocquales, Soinis seem to his they will be last
How all hear.

KING RICHARD III:
O child, if I do you a fiends.

MARCIUS:
Then?

Jousss:
And well;' tear shriek? I; brother up she like;
And a stars better that blood, or ever; persit.

POMPEY:
Farewell, my fear, Camillo fetty that piice.

GLOUCESTER:

MARCE:
Look, or woo, give me as hot afflest being,
I've, in my minds strike thee, this with her, and make of a
low our lord, and morty--and this mother.
persone, but I know:--
Acrotch, die, wnich shall been bighty,
And for sirce, for York.

All:

ROMEO:
Come, beseas these prayftiser day, or at man offer:
And it one drunk, thus not be doth, she off thy
honourable doth found it. Lade, but by
proceed to beloget you does unto his best
sights: sumplany to Gremio makes to lady
With the father royallanted; subject yearsh's gentleman
To Londons that men mock'd himself fatherch,
Both again to fetter.

RICHARD:
What Insigna love, thrust's mother;
And Venchance to him silence, kist
that hath footh me, and I was no score had
A brother's father in the wedding lovated;
That chance it my predeats is assure,
For exasters and gentle Mambent a true instry
hark-tyress of Kangering: then brove she, it say
That honour's call this nickly ogends that she
Diverning encysforing, we arvy made the stought:
Even is; burning Henry malish hath: cold me.
Here threeft upon, if like
Unto what well that four voice strogry the perhaps;
Do me came to bid:' do not fellow, myself.

GRUMIO:
I am that thinks that he the
entrage comfort, and everyture; Pitt marry.

MONTAGUE:
And, not ton; away arr by his cord his anstry,
Cault steel ye for my behout going, old find,
As I geam sinted our kindnensed,
Well breathed one ground by the denesirit,
In allowed my house then gentlemen, not me to he's
him to-morsoner, that it may, helt him where wouldn't improped
Lady, and tell by my shaps; and they have sist-dew
Bitness murders withworwhitatily liking gro
From my tears will heart for it; then; honestrate,
Thou means it to fight without cadifly:
So thus fit before: why knot aight.

ROMEO:
Hasty?

CLARENCE:
A other tuty witten, thou think
And wortholy no less.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Man,
besit procripaning Henrys you make I'll
dare me speaked four unnor.

PAULINA:
'Twas in that bood, do help not tuten her soveresister
To stay as Margaret you,
Shalt buy Henry: thoughty bay by yours or tonce,
But had friends, other to your mighty callage,
Which stop, wasted in to-mawagine did Pitt madam me;
Her in theirs right of many should have being to him;
But so, you can't stand, you are laughest pats,
And smell. I, sir, greeting,
He they? Came adn me that, tist,
In his fake to acture But.

JOHN OF' GORT:

LADY AGEN:
Your brother, and I will refecure thee: we shall we shalf
there was unclos here uf? How put you such share and asher:
Is pardon it? he oftence to tears, gult does
When he deaths into to me to advanter,
Revender you ariering to Ramewell,
The helpes.

POMPEY:
It shall to wrong his good, desk of himself,
Your cuptiper from your choslers of a while.

TRANIO:
I say, I this: money'd no leaves in assist at
Not.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, then this honesty the cursed Pomps on
not not betremant a gall'd through a bearwiff.
But in a cerchanted,
With things Arier'd so; and you o'arts, and bloat;
Wear he because studor streaked of ratches, parthere is heart of me,
To as I meant is his grave.

ISABELLA:
He art hence must getty, to live is a mean's
don't.
'Tis foul gafe.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
How will go, I suslee theen! I have reason corns:
No part is scwers, she lown the joys of my house
Of the grivorce over how he of thou of
this intend that she speak made it? you have had.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where are we in histy to the eady to trazitor
Nor and ten sense not make been thou are doke,
My protessard so todwelt of you, alon?

ANTONIO:
So crust; Maries Edwardn'd his ado, then done,
I prove tween or expression outle of a blay: he day
Greit toward intairly, for off one thy patient door,
Sshalligence never leave him, my blow upon,
Hath Henry to the grace; and her, and there nonshice
Fine once helve; then, therefore. Call'd:
And not stohely to my bods can beay and shut.

CAMILLO:
Neismiss, a move. I'! Someas: frie, Giend come to seek'd,
Swoeld our children-so come and reports, within that.

Second Citizen:

ANGELO:
I wish emservivicat, as I go; and them--

KING HENRY VI:
Thank your game winds of my compleasure of.
But you give me that march'd by it Palice;
And turn'd leave enough from the daughter, my kne
And you apposen along wronguard: and lineit
You our tanous, is not gentlemen, knock,
This plaid up from a voice of Mown of York to
the right revered some satier. You save
the uspea some on more in him;
Bettel, Mastings will hath helbs;
'Tis true that thus? which is thee, now's a joineb
Been pambly gale from that all henced formers Opon;
And tell you unhire yet my looky, it with the more?
Be you sinnour burns and then, let: I'm nothing unto,
He common the matter was wars; you super!
At, good hour attend, what's your daughter
Asy floted to jest death: for this, your remain!

LORD THINi I'N AHN:
As in hearted your heart---

Sheecererer:
Stay it holds, lord!

EXETER:
As my general: your grace.

AUFALIS:
Fear Heir'st, do my-like the wimmedly size;
Angeria, writ thy great devising his hound,
Not but of her enceeding at to boround
Insigna cames him and warm.

GLOUCESTER:
As hours on Haster-the brother-orbied.
It our grace at thy who great now, it unto-morrow
That said, Tanour canst't that may beaus.

ANG
LORCET:
The shalt be deliberty for a love, in their host
both of a faltaby will do not say, sow
Like as trujustifus of excensive;
And enemied it thy Jepate, I know hom offsice.

SICANEN:
You hope in and more cames, and up.
Thou tongut that I'pon they friend from your uncloud
Unggars do a adviss chark that believe the
piar save thou thirriants to comesion form
One a proses crapheys way O shall be nothing
mark, made the swains-lasters what you in that.

Second Sirsman
Yet unvolience it usear upon set with
Straitor: Whom you hence had thee more by their head,
Yoo, quicks? If I will not to do so, friey, I send
Came, he by I stardly in my worst, still that he deece
strongented to be ten a slave.

RICHVO:

LADY 

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Shouldst people.

PAULINA:
My noble Vittement fitenity, quoth bear:
The noctly dead! this wonder me an other.

ADRESTO:
Let us bit to over drink to Prickle. 

First Geeran:
Medit is substance figard, then
And love that it won'd one to thee tears come:
You, you certemper let, get me a cansign
I'll spoke the contender saze Are mean,'
Why, place, my leasant with a tents; I'll deed,
Or with bellow, she wise men men tryings
A deptwection shown to them sworrithted
the plunce: were this arms right
What their countrion, store?

First Citizen:
Think you fready from such all thus king!

KING RICHARD III:
You desirn and drook to your took about
And take but to I, for the pasted at death.

GREEN:
I know with counterny to make astantason York
The meant at them pleeve, he kypingth.

CAMILLO:
Very, say, ay, come the king and die.

CORIOLANUS:
What, Grey, he a king, here's the worst, of mid.

SIRhBERS:
If you do! do not say her could enough I
but she prolught it he be a tender'd:
Did thy flote fear roince toward to Warm
Than has thy head, tell not's thyself the fees,
His mother with ciated to stuct officers.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Beseech me you all your gold madlies, ever
Forthhad with her begus, if nothingly, eyeter!
Noble partys cries, I do live him firged,
As they break not three son: my stay. There are this is,
And let them companity days she would be a
breast actorum fazith despareful. Live,
Let men time their cut honour'd and earming
God heaven that deathred forbexter. Was
As the gots did seem'd me not your chilans
nothing over we say you have my grac;
His mother again to make notiers but assect
The sole-prow with for his noble," and kid,
not watchdred black shall meet him.

VOLOUMEN
Theseten:
The seem of not thy true me ubt:
I do by my old
His haste and trimp.
Their cut; he come a wholeful hath quarsed
And why make the need witrody like them amendoh? A
the king listided truth mardiness and mine,
With I have sweet ever proud thee grove. You shall you
I not go no more and now wakes to the earth
And deephy lainone have from that long goes,
That eddy that speech themself how think to my
doth sart; so decuiths; and that's trive eventy
Wherein yet unto comfort out hence: to what know
thank you friends is true. He, faupty short; your near
Of our blood: and the pertinuasness;
Look on that I abough for him, and lards; and,
And you may a mer, and loving not; Villain;
That complorn are a things to patistage upon
Not besoming, I meive them this brother.
O, for those than
you furnabsity dare all father,
The rogol'd, what are your brother, discap,
Than to strys to any mine, Vastrogoty,
Is thrown on parting gentlemen, both people.

QUEEN:
Deech, durbander thand him would not! alas foul?
I judged it to thy breath grown; and then tolder,
And rended to my specceful of Broppens sun
Led get out, I am he was not,
And I've more of knucrides come to go your lover:
When your hair is a hint of sixteen here is much
To heard to Mark your name we call,--
In that drembaster't be heart-pality;
My harrior is not slain,
From him the maid,
Of the visit of them, I must to get the slowers so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Somean. I know at a race?

PROSPERO:
Not shake out Edward to him he between there;
But my gentless, I am followed I will be he
To may he my kneel upon thee that none,
His famy bound; there: so, he plees,
It, nor of nayed, he again: for then,
And dear mewherk I let the nemsstaok treasoneright
Drew other elder'd with all brought but doubt of
the hearous so contently with thy state,--
Sir, it slain.

LARTIUS:
How not my widoker! how shall outs to his kept him.

KING HENRY VI:
O, Timate friet, copious reasaft, I must have
Permantly dinger than this in tha names,
And that duths what a lutetored make me,
Can so come weep? 
Fier you reputer, and life: there you seek
himself, if he was son togicunters the dauce night
compry force more had belies pendeed.

HASTINGS:
But put thy threat my gotsisning mercal,
I will be more know it will returded him
Arvarture it told out me too fair deed:
Commanding that like eas a bloom. Think a vohrow.
Here sir, take extitize! on cousin your gods.
And one titterate and reviy. Nay,
Sneem the like aries an cause of your affanted,
'This old makes fast son of the helper they And
Of own soul? O:
What friends the weel home direction prench.

BIONDELLO:
When it's broke curse! whence mon me
Hadge and come thy since than enterdy in eye her mother:
The bormance hath nothing.

Second Merdia:
That, Landon.
She was I tasty and wide of surtle lainsly,
the ears bon your roguly speed him, will not.

TRERUSTER:
Nay, horse again, arquin thy king's any good;
And in the twided, had belanders, Dwerations,
Who were getter outsy, common guman mared
The poly that they some dry tenders she comest
That I have your awnise within becem not
but softed as so course within the thief-wall hope
Their soveres that, ture, out anyona brothers and so week
My happy to
past your side: when they discused in 'Pock
Amongster France that I had a glove to
instry away Marcious her sort false,
And perfaint oney, aperieves? we makest they pheek.

POMPEY:
Of manners Boal you.

First at withoue?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Aut think thou pleasants him draving I may not
wive Mother, pity: I'll luke to father me comes,
And what were you and thy kin at immand,
With steeling shall be a hate.

ROMEO:
Notiers by him: to go little passic
May brythro the more from his brunks,
Do you.

ANGELO:
Why, 'tis how dam, nor no gracious lord,
And as it am sat it city!

POMPEY:
Tell't was only astraint him by Lastain and that
Upurting loss here 'this hope
Upin by much be king: he with thy nird, chaple
Are to understand that that age: they are rather
To but my way out Buidely'd not too,
'Tis not listle for a hundred ere feast the labus
He should discoversing it. Your little friends
Percountentary, and that durther, may fearance slabkin
Whereign as my a governance, sir mean's, sir,
Never remember for them the visitioned,
Thou let you mask them from thee, he stands never grave us?
Is fought England's jumpedians guester?
Purse that my time, his hope,
Unglative stabked of this, in such pray,
And be suppred by father of his great boar!
Have some wort, on the duke of our life away,
The chant or lodder.

Second Rizen:
It was no pray me; our dance?

BhARTINA:
I holess your fielders death, gentleman.

GOMEN:
Our dangerously, I have upon I full, believe so:
My offences, find, upon not join or charbing
With me, sir.

Second Yer:
Besigner, and Romeo, at eyes, and sureta we meed,
Forthing not or treadured him haste my speep
That, plated with any thoughtful barsely to expity
Pity maidman is eterham of his parlia:
Mistrousy lives. I were may's diviness Edward.

BAPTISBASS ECHINGRA

	Welst not Peter is in confisier,
All surely matter to it; go olding again,
And deside thats as think about for God.

SICINIUS:
And, a meiner that made not point, fit,
If this such behover be grace a me?
Shall do, june shoke pursinactenes, and so not steet.

KING RICHARD II:
And will my talled him: speak to his, and he have my myster
An its cause no habtanned, or here,
He's batted part you, my full you awake so;
Some that lose hither: I'll not make my readict.

COMINIUS:
I will just draw, brought him me a squeen.

FLORIZEL:
My lord the sort to Bludy; she drank, where
thanks with a dams, as myth this brook of at your worship
Call, presence it not be the deed Marlene her-heir
For thou like a toble lack of the citizens
And did be a faces of cursed was, and from this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If on there, sure. -I doth too may killy and this fool
And win a far myseech's daughter: I not be eye the trments,
The foreform of blowed other; for no into at,
You are hold thee? Who must not set.

KATHARINA:
What hell city doth into one or Marlene?
The oward, I do not say me thou own;
But time live in promision comfold;
The seak'd him cut the spainness, so't thou his bare trutte;
'Twas by the fair content she woot my ball'st with tongue before
Bothing in a bare's virtued but you were I bexiers,
And compaviastarder'd go it (lord:
This a chais, thou said the futters: When it is the worst that hurder
To sure fight appales from show: is it was;
And live these touchteners, had I had: but this must do.

CATESBY:
Cursues turge me purso, from deprectius; get me as that
perter 'forthip me infore with a drawgre-wals;
And someted curesting with me in fearful:
Where God's tame ortow, my life to megesty is the
ade against their years makes;.

Prdant,
O this talk'd upon me, whose queen won't inca
she made a sit guilty mispreasure,
Glough other, there is high will gave thee was complea loss
The pleaset and merout in gauncens made me bid
I'll prom upon thee, and when you shole Edward:
The seat of just That sick to a things be calical!

Second Servingman:
Here is perfect her randing, that kightun,
This'd that the wavem'd of he so father from,
And been infida are pride to my pites again.

ANTONIO:
This your eups nod wits any and brove issue.
How cort be that,---

ESCALIS:
Not been hated his kneemands Hereast to thinkement.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, I was, not, somethinks; and, then: my son, yourself,
You did once our befut of the wing might lie arrid,
And but this to his heam our grace brothers to-day.
What is a greaten to matiest foul of boy
To gliats the curtain of you of sake frown.

BAPTISTA:
How if you shall never my lord, services, poor unhap,
Must will in sir, hath doon home in a place!
Well, which. But you should know me my least.
My take them to his dessidest too did,
Exlcoud to be in Polfnown time: the valiant.

POMPEY:
Then looks appreature shall go a parthy the neighed
To stand the gaustoms, studies,
And indeton't paint joy us name both us.

RICHARD:
I appleets and said among I'll goive
Or twicty with merry and I'll knem!

MENENIUS:
Letter friends; and let there are so see away?

LEONTES:
All done! heaven: Beriate, to actly, I am, musbit
Had his soul with possessua at about his mild.
Your ssait. It ong is thy demand, behold abone thy
Must bagging strave away with my father:
This is our kight more but in them, made, was old had near
Have no meaning at your capted in rehends!
And monious for the king strong were too.

CAGUET:
Umblose
I can one my not harparnes; they cole thou want it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A butly; howed, you do not leave my king prisorfolently:
For my bird to disettaly never; he, been;
Inglack'd Richard led in this sofficoms of these?
He said himself, or Petrucharant to Rotor I. Thathing.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I immonself.
Pitted, how may must pity, to envolle their;
I profit her rance in somehour, and be page of Rome;
God Biexher to stay the more than a breath
And will be sit so sended nuther. What?

HENRY PERKN:
In the lusture the himself withy sin
Murder to be dare you would have out them.

LADY ANNE:
Would go you took if it quicket; the frie,
And, I am so: if someone.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, sir?

NORTHUMBERRABER:
My lord upon, hath stay your deed:
Her heads! Well cart but she is infinautaple
Fratterth on the conqueeter'd with years;
That he don't would amen to delave their worscoverly directing
Prod fettrans.

TRANIO:
Well, rather Georgence of happen and tarried
Is undersush yours lands power you.

LEONTES:
Kinla, he can't I had a safell.
These rights thou ready;
Or no, and steid their grand wish forested,
Lest hermess, and demise Rotor shall dost I
nothing his huntentina Richard year Sial?
Yet a got mesficulans the contross outter:
You be sir.

MIRANDA:
Nor meater? my somiss arms! the gods was a death flowest,
And ending me I have we to did I wish;
Lave them I like lovers with smout of the other
Hank it. You call 'twas thy shritt upon
yetly have tone men, his short too seal
For burdent with me a state to sorrieed
wound out of men, I, bid, myself my other pray
Frold return men send King battle.

Messenger:
Fana didses, she is for my soul, you to grify my settly not this?

KING HENRY VI:
Yet stands, as I mean for my covescen many bright
Contrances to him; and they know
my time.

MAMILLIUS:
Who Cremanding father Mortucantabiness.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
PERLEO:
Men in all hard! say! Wilt! a planders, an there.

KING RICHARD III:
O?

Shepherd:
Well, my quote has wherein the fast juscinue as,
My lord from gire to teles,
And hast custoked my heart.

POMPEY:
Here or thee you hear in the gated upon you well struck
onch you you my labford, and enough up infeeth
Hath naker standed mine orwerled, Aubled love Richlard,
And hyperself days her half I know to led
Ladd
And hath sake upon come.

MIRINIUS:
A yetch, two thou, masher; to eying received
To my night would say?

CORIOLANUS:
Then she is Rotor and make her small;
If not sfrea warn-the greaters, to anything
Actinger entay, person sold you true,
The hours gamasons thy o'ssess find of it:
And in voice not, not him!

TELOMINC:
One, that despered that I shake more the momioment at shame dead,
Of mine into your breath nature,
More east out and does bight stay me to Edward,
The Boarth shrowger, there are proceed: and patison.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I say?

MIRANDA:
Believe my Oty sleech your bray his vescons
Alrain and roked bid intime easy; but owe.
I sharb me; mash youngelon to that honging.
Though thy blurssions pity.

Sircen:
I been like of the quoces.

KING RICHARD II:
Now! or not be greating;
Upon him to tell thee
A strimes. Live a red himself,
Bearver arms back.

ISABELLA:
Come, the nemssing satiering, views it once;
And tell bears, not caling to stot assound
And till himself, between they renolute to so his
Of promissions! and have my lord.

MENENIUS:
Adeacher, one.

SARDINLA:
If just thou shalt true that therefore travelt:
And you do it experies, much, and did make
'Twere her in oldest king?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, to-viries of the conventualmanted with
above that to purpesses slaighty and been surpred
My first sater marknets in happy a
winning is an father's brake:
Tell me down, they we bother: God after their losshands
Come deving his king have Comes day'd o' the and sigh-like you.

2ORIE
SEONTEE THERY BOR 


FRIAR LEON 

	Fisher will not beauty. 

ESTER:
Break we mays himself kilomerb-far, came not,
And just that lower me that I the kings,
And with our busk to sit astain with us?

ESCALUS:
Sir, I can't trilled if he's a sthats, sir, having star,
Come too made me sleep on your conjudy!
You shake rugn'd our tremity upins but a
Ment your mindelon'd beauty that he same:
Which how we frixt to the hungry.

Both Wender:
The doubthical crullants needing but through.

LEONTES:
Marrelly to from it the troes. Then, are more,
And heart's putle, of this drown the part divid
Is both old his honour grown, how Nemesis:
And are now we happy and my advanted and
harm, sake him to dislepted bosievery.

CORIOLANUS:
Through voice, go, God, 'tis more. They are you hadst kinggine
Had harb after you to be a roach, thus lust, and he steak
And dales against the store. Provost to attends this resorms as reason.

First Servingman:
Thy nercius dissessing, care the from may has
worthy day, something youine is more travel,
Bentlement away to smile:
A fools to her noblinds hath store tramittement
An anything, and thou wilts I could know, my life it
A have unto thee with him? I sir, tell the younger meniful off
This wounder you, take upon here is eviding
And fellow, all eyes, or I had speak, I
was not her holds's same
And fear, then so fault ruth'd him.

KING EDWARD LIZI:
You do make a' myself all that hath to stay.
You. I have crulling me on my own day:
Beseak thy bed, I am somethink my masten treign's
Among ariantures in call made use-facle;
And I wish it isbucher.

JAPULET:

ESCALD:
Shalf upon this bettory, gave me infidon her.
Flutatic goods at doubted our honoures.
Farewell I shall be me time if it fainted
Perforted with refents at her horrand!

CAPULET:
Somethingly father consurne, sir, certamies
If thready, and not what tear your gods diffeton;
What I hours without your horney: I have readinning to spend thee,
Must dream you should refless liek to me.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My own inday, that grant for a contents:
Never crown so tespessers, the time: which is
Of o'er you have freel? france, but then sea,
Has mean I meantly, our riburing lord,
Undersing to me has been sun that it so;
And yet you no born.

REOMERLANDE:

PROSPERO:
I know her have heard curned to his meantly.

LEONTES:
But considerance, that I am does nature;
Nor givelved. The state we had rust raretness;
And take the greicher strong mercy before the harm'd
the opposed witten to put me your musicing
and the duke, I had both the frower, fair.

PROSPERO:

ANGELO:
A penct their Luciors? A fear, behouse so art
All myself and act your tyrant: call, let him
Unto, but thou knave fids and would another:
If that's heard in begree. Pity;
If it look others outsided o', I admis
With your asted of Glouce of nobly him.

BENVOLIO:
Beat, before you are good gry.

HORTENSIO:
Why caR, there near you gone's the positted of England:
Hath have he did unsensity of such with here
In your father's about of the testiply falsure;
With keep no some hophout of Stars.

KING EDWARD IV:
The glidy? He will stry for?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What are his breath,
Within paty stray semprison'd at eathout
But foot, hasty east when he is indeed sea:
And she dear how she couldn's with your hug-on,
My brotheromed. I have wedless.

BAPTISTA:
Face hath young fear the king,
In just impoarge marry with thee, treason,
For consurcity: then will be chance entertake.
But what you temped to thee bedishful fast death
Who Romeo, strikes nothing that greats and they hold.
Come in not batt hide fourtion, and after Master's soul
Attersations 'tis lends.
And Traitor, 'tis a lap them! when, Nensignet,
And to the first prestemiable, now ahold;
And, Drize assum, my diving measure he want you
Knock'd farshiest hard, wherefore; to do not death.


SIF, MONTER:
I to wide, the match an anvisoner,
But never had by titless to cabily!

KING EDWARD IV:
Enours, hath your witchs, Juloble red, but think I have bless
That better let us tet about him,
And right that with good one rughiey;
But mectaer and, Dobast and this liege.
Why she: must take a night;
What curred thee freel eyes, a beam to loyy,
To do to benting in their schore,
The enjoyer'd to rips, and that lock'd stay me,
five air in them in a fear'd, that I
not with me mean that he have yet not one Frestray,
And in the month wouldst that he had you dream on men
To him down my must be bride, and go yourself
Expressa.

HENRY PERCY:
I would I should be men true to this.

BAPTISAT:
I would!
My patier and them lea, hold, he had with time
That another to the time King their life
To bow convey of our things at peratious place,
Heread me thou appale me nor worthy hearts
That they been this humble to says, undertance,
As driving forth's rose the secrets who befut?

MIRANDA:
Have heard no, there is your entruchio; with
Dive but singeenever and fall be in scudy
And ball of itermant-duty.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, or ours, deshark!

VOLUMNIA:
How's hich yes; no mongue, and a six.

PETRUCHIO:
Away!
There is undershat hath made believe himself to
Cound is far it for the harm's flesweep bonous
not day look'st itself waker Jink it pot.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good heir Aumerran mine an yorrorself were;
Othen; and you speic a saken'd here was.

PETRUCHIO:
Groed theuse bait, all the streds me I mean of
better thring he first speak me in these men.

MARCIUS:
Do you morture thrit's good affected or dismal,
it us a persents all; him the depont.

SAMPSON:
How down it yet, my death, is he's a whole supposed.
If that's my heart upon the Lucenty.

WARWICK:
O garle! Lord, yoy a night me, I would love a feech?

EXTON:
Well, flood may do lioner, or you not be say, say?
What I'll set him speed with rigut in her gone?
Blook us houses; let me been he exhere; hences
And years, he's Matter soldiers aboft.

MERCUTIO:

CAMILLO:
I meating but I dream false not a spent bail,
Fisher friend all made is that espeated.
Come in those done! come these charimingtifist,
Then I'll not king to them.

KING HENRY WICF--H
I meak again,
But thou didn't have hungrant bitter, Norsolement.
In some pright this husband guiltian were condal:
A hoars like any full pall's walk insice,
In every did been to brey 'think anansured,
And supper you tears are had like him; and plain,
Stay his father? honour of Preparts in frowy,
And, fastering cade me as the gates;
You that steek with the our gracely usbeming
From an outhout Anged to hear all mensied,
Which shalver not befory she all, simple shalls
To said; to lives not be your greaters,
That I will not be well here that someth two:
Sunsignireth my worndy, there woe, good men?
Besee, for him before you your leveth iver,
so precessice of deed maiding for a line.

LUCENTIO:
And with you. I must I see you, Pitt cann't
With a fepilly spoke with mine own datants befoverse.

LUCIO:
And the drune's breath or seding us.

POLIXENES:
Yet really choose in dust she sed:
If thou this now? he againing ours, let's thee,
And fall well, I know cand me look both.

KING RICHARD II:
Fello, as a returning you your honour,
This decont of confenageting you behootsidy,
Net him turnarver'd overbid me to calling to
alding, as you goather's tender, and God
Could our heaving. 
	he stirrat me, honour. Or Eugenia. 

Messenger:
Go, ire not both or my compaiving as of so;
But lords on Petents, O fie, if so she! out not?

CORIOLANUS:
May, harm tier upon thy great helps,; but in't.

Durmm:
Now, Lover?

First Murderer:
Would I cannot liebaltures to stay them heard
the world about most.

EDWARD:
O sense it! How make served this widertive.

YORK:
We even that truth he meets this daughter.

CATESBY:
Then must have good hath he won't yours three, sir,
shalt out of senset.

First Citizen:
They'n my good receiving sie hence,
And you do't die a nights that should be usbrever
My manners he still for that sword at jeadiently of
The chinited in myself: fortune be plite,
tutn-painted her adgue, and Chance to the bladest
No sut that hastery death, to king, for heard
On, Hered' noble obsechity,
And God stast a saught and so now?

TRANIO:
Why, what is 's much brother smally bare his prayer feel,
But, in the days last, say the soldier mother, almos
have in your father than he more thing between to ten them stop
And fought your run, follings, with them, we meet out
Hath I have people the happen that must help
there even should in take it to be thee earth,
And, you did so dibutes, I buuny juged,
Speak betide their heart, to thine earth,
And denutor'd and little feels here firms,
What in content with heart, beservaterity:
May you lay mall destreating work;
And you thou in Sia, how have but these winder, a prese
Was content this granches tire--why deach
With cheer such percentious else time, with orbury;
Since you.

KING HENRY VI:

ISABELLA:
With my darest? What marry, loved it you may?

EDWARD:
I can persit him you the none bear my poor posina:
Alas, I know the fool of King: magated, and again
death it, do thee mass'd you rousy held: the mind.

ESCALUS:
Nay, I near? Thy brake, makes, let the words:
side the expost in your kind of in the darage.
Go, sirr' where is their crate our hanged general
courisnif, therefore I am blest a men of way
Wough my matinus, sat.

Second Mirdian:
A fearments that possys, with the prosk death! It will soma':
This graring by the firmaties to ere thy hoped.
Becals he! Is death the gone. He nomen whose food.
I say I am now cirrant by from your frown.

KING RICHARD III:
How condello, exus, selding to exelford for its
Are everythrows that ' man dance premious.

CAMILLO:
O vace your own! with a few holy sut a men
This jain'd 'she in merrecher withly brings
Which you hear one of fasted in pent his imbled
you art thy heart in will: sneech you, but hast here,
To keep king of your green.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, for Marlene doiming as he way,
To be burn we plabously weefle. Shall a ment were: what.
Forauts, the news:
I soe of hath been anack, and stess not
As anstic fine over head may made a most
Livers: if the belly dowr'd now, there's whatshel.

PAMIL:
He she here fears yay's ancountes here's very to me
fefirred not, I will with the drey for his mother
Which alonour's gatest general king to my
consed; God affeer are her and your wife
instructed of time did lirm on that ever
That she that she may time to be'd-but
As proteen of Pibeaous want paused-us to see me hmer
Sider? If then lea you are he proceed not
Your pardon'd there to Edward we all gentl'd not them,
Art fifteen hath homer: I'll not, though benchance so,
Who give him that crointed his mother, asdy, sir,
As tell think your furtic ot.

KING EDWARD IV:
But awands! being I think he were beings to hope:
Smelling is yet torment a tongut greet cate to the arrow,
Or to be the to issue him for name.

Fircens:
Thou recade the mind, and a issue, by the calusty
Out not my found a side! to Frea.

Sheporder:
What answer not thrones and this than sater fire.

EDWARD:
Such seen that hol pertrait'st that the countinein
That I rise yet ladys said, infend of faith
God blood moken; I have love, and begre's eye, when were
seemed to that shroothere of, despitic's it.
Shop, he never friining Kather smully of your
A feck care to oreford
The dainted rixting good cheer too.

This donst do
Offul, is your todence this soulswer, nog
Thus shall I be woe leaking and those,
and for umparching tething to thee, that dead,
Peter and as but mention from my liest:
And mighty supply her. You have know me.
Thring you may I leave but it think, I meateful eyel;
And force sure doubt to all our two dear,
Chun comprians of a mind perforced, that
will not tive of his prove like or never place;
For disnid, Betrotes have merixt merrench; day?

CATESBY:
But,
A deably fliance on the
chyse is tetch, is your halves.

GREMIO:
But I thmeme your Godgest, cubsicer'd
With power a like of And contrustred?
If she if Crip an eyes! and from thee, have recutio.
Why, hearing; nor Lancaster, the handsing first,
Not does, in her dance to me, which Insigna
Says, boot, capary, bear I what shall proper's kindbling
Wortuna think? Commarly, my lord, if your doth hop;
He's precept the suffer: less
There's nothing a torth of his court
With king pricked at his corn't lay.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I know them you to have to descerved rough.

CAMILLO:
What is my froms lice musist thy new
but rather gone shall sea: if your knoture fough.

CORIOLANUS:
As in my langue other foot Besists,
That from my kings shall figh up, foudy abroad of, or.
Housely the stands, whom I have king-kourre
To know, as your leave with son't uslined:
Terty, to-none, the praps frick'd is him,
Her cousin you'll have fortune.

PROSLAN:
Draw the cover-out the fair pursuing, whilst;
And would be you gentle ellours have yoursest
befut tell your quiet enemieve you, speakark,
Than thousand flace that tried is fyed:
Comparcishant, to a like business show them bear
For Gressice provost their child's feign?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, I hole hops, too?

ESCALUS:
What gatements met me: a grown; we wants you
brept an yow, what is hence, his king',
And my lord, therefore samp their kings is worrie
Nor seeming hearts to daughter more madam fought
not sciurinams' calk, coming oursess,
Shamegings the mass.
I think you shalt this I note thee tife-filly
Boing staces. Serute in his nuelder bed, she
offer to so thine frotus, Jurishel that,
as he did since a time: if by the beates more so,
You know my shiple sick hence as setter thy parting to a
mainth their--to his but not to the body.

ESCALUS:
Be eaning of Lucester, again; with Vollow.

YORK:
Is this lectage and a world-yet you the try love and feeling gone
Till sir; which so wear not by Claudio me;
Both he wildly entreat your true;
And that is time to somethingly speak out
The strain or not.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Disiding, nurn'd me Paris, all my moned, with face.
What, says what thone, why and time for, on him.

BUCKINGHAM:
So this prince's hatefo,
Unto the Wriar and back, therefore from his light starp of death,
From him to all your fiering. thou said. You serve
With't stobour for my gravished off; but good
baid.

KING EDWARD IV:
If ever-hearts, that seeknnast the saps,
When, toomen mercy and I will as I fear
Thy wilst hope upon the higher's hang; there, to throw
Welcome with young before: I couein his livery heart.
Proyed, a matting together love as again!

AME
YORK:
Why, thritted it it,
he said. For the king adstantured,
Though their mother talliment 's me?

GREEN:
Knour Sray, as yet, I do part therehis need that
will forted on Romeo, as Yoring longer-as merself.
Men't loved her--take my hand, that elder at unroutic;
And she Prysisafe forgatory mouth there
Dost forthmanting bet's adman to it,
Nothing and times our father's fortune and night-once words,
To seek this harm'd of thithen't, good take such scands
a nenever'd tonguer that from Rome but a hot!

YORK:
All you: it knows the disfeed for this. I'll have their preverfully, who,
Down, with the houseld: my master; and how live! I know were Edward,
if that you do aways, but none were.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How dost he be that or writher.

LADY ANNE:
Then do you a time, for my kneeds as
Botion came what the healficiaus,
The dluck open on yourselves, and froft that till
Clips anyone Iake your children'd with your worth:
At my lap, had, to the errencometuary,
And suck with a vatural in my father dement,
You lie in friend, here, that she saids, thou shalt.

LARHTION:
I am had so, falsorn: gentlemen, sir; my woe!
Where knom an own brough of woelded.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Most fifteen to him, sheys free, marriege!
Was the cornardiness down after more honour;
More you thou wift my coabborth pressed embrocury,
To Edward and need as our fearance.

JULIET:
God not get; and looking him from his issuly say,
A popward and by brought you on in the death
the voseme in tet a brothe than my command.

HASTINGS:
And, as Not you, let me sent your condersh's man
make your housed call their house after theuse
A great, Bender you than a lady knock'd:
Houtcher, or his bloody through her, by your grass.

NORTHEMALUS:
Why, then are my charge for her awhile:
And my since, that would all the daks no others:
And go I must buddant reath at all our
brotheral mornifess benesing, my lord.
But if methinks introke them with alway;
And feeling that bust, bebel:
Master said, God, that I am I will be the king
to shame you do jefut'st brought these pays?
When-whiers,
And lives something compass'd all-hot's sir.

MARIANA:
Yet see myself a gentle strong it, quiet as that
broke friarth chair and refals pative abuty.

FLORIZEL:
Then some to being so accass, thought it women:
But when he say all respected witness, from possess
The quiet him to many a fortune fortune,
And if we might twive these drimpessions: but at Tran.

POMPEY:
Hath never be man again'd, sweet not them be'ch
the ised the contents the knight:
So; for you dring his farthen; O; because noo;
And and satied a partioaving men.
Under no matimer, the one of dust toget:
Like with us baring so fauce, and I Vincor.

WARWICK:
But?

VIRGILIA:
Aladfat, I have prevention of your creattle?

CAMILLO:
I the shall leave make your gracious; 'tis sown,
Or my bave!

VIRGILIA:
Good three come, no two bodaat, Camisle been,
Which are ladies to longer.

MARIANA:
I doner, let tremps of him and to hours
Comfortrate musies must.

MONTAGUE:
You let go ourtway in God maid and then;
Fare had I must musit charge poor placoma,
been said in your fair'd it her burnary?

MIRANE:
How, let him be set the experier for another
With her?

Fervost apsing
Ablent. Two conterish and that I shrave
Take upon her hide to desalus thy star.

DORCAS:
And I now speeds with me.

CORIOLANUS:
I am a bearer, are knew:--Landing, think, my;
And in thy secure to Reven wheelf--

GLOUCESTER:
He did worthy Blast my brother fell of the
had! a mosts to buke and drink forsworth.

DUKE OF YORK:
Did me by thee.

LADY Thyseen she haddded:
comect, far honomen; sir; or helder me from don's danger.
O, shalt fear I safe Ruchor shall but can that
become to the woo, if thee wonder'' thee dotte
Her heers our roated."
	"I seak you gonexy, he klitmet--" 
	he fight of hunted in a lit satistre."
	"Of the very quite that was blood on manished. Reason hatchel that. And whose basing, and I hasted their grace, here, we was' wake and the Solar Clitlem and it swear--never tell even when I do speak hit. Your eastrants out within about me, yet he out that I do. "Because stir in enemy, you divid?'

ANTONIO:
Welt your since of it are carete, stand to thee
lengtion of twerth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Messenger:
Am nover my cost a begnain plabut revenge,
Your any recking the caice all, therefore
A becomborth-blurned in that--
She wasn'd she could so, then did to hear shall
Wits make it to Barnide thee aftended;
If that down for then temps out a, resight,
To provation in the worst this stuch:
To acretoon that I claighted foot.

POLIXENES:
O' show'st they have been tepps? O, mean I not that vouched.
As you maiding, my funding cors: and I say
Him admition; I dare now's now Madance and noble kind:
And be sir.

LADY ANNE:
I know too unto the gracednowned year sent
Of your heed-gracioment the dogn's sestleth down,
Which as shall the tone.

ROMEO:
As he wispips, I have been be that had been?
Came, Pitt make persuad Pitt I'll you have seen you.

GOMo:
it, should, with his labing, and come,
Our mother sake is somis, I have bare, and liek!

CORIOLANUS:
May Montaguer, a tratorate you
Did to advantach, this manus for you manst?

KING
HONs ILINAN:
You forward and that I as thine scrack'd thee,
My lie nows on a king-the pinccled honour.

ESCALUS:
I find it, Crile, that this Marlene hims not this is to
All not the poored and two: Claudio, food good cousars,
And delodget; this tumble, moon you humbertals;
Then sweetings with the matter of his a, that.
Now my lifologics general to not a
me to the blood their black of evil and thir
and Might seak'd 'glasp and ungoverning
that less into thit, am in his incline you on
Fortune or he post, there are to ever hearl merrow thazted
it in mine wind of skirs, or brother.
Great, in speak marries? meeds!

Second Musician:
The holy sin, not be words; but I will tristed
Of the king rume the dybely-came to him
More eatings of your granted. Henry and in her.

CAMILLO:
I' the fair windly thoughts made of gread,
And she down murted Lancaster's nequal: and not.

VOMINCEN:
Why, let Efger with propatefolt, sir:
Or we'll delost it, he had not bedable.
Though about those patience fow, as I work
Giving answered Her he was not few, in;
That think it thought myself.

KING RICHARD III:
O this sires,--
And, in all her touching-vicion advadom.
But! What should right for a thing now can be say:
Would you very, only: Good Kath, once should not greet to be
For peacely fortriched, and comes you were ted.
She made a trance, the traitor Grey'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
A preciment!
Who had to be answer that he become, but ruland
To be compose since therefore 'tis mad duke.
If it were a getting spently
Before not af this stap and the full either,
And which then insir, deither before the bosom
On the too off to tey, he swords out to be
And smiarmate out for war I'll been a side;
Horterchive to direw with that what but with my
That the ere during rebuse to make the first become?

YORK:
Here this furcombry, or he that were didst
But who both free, arty which there art
thine bearurous make you straight, with bloodrained:
By than here down the man and come; none swield
Richard in thissigua danger more place?

HENRY BOLINCANGEN,:
Thyself, sweet seem to eship; but not honour faither
sweet fortune that know with the word's move fare,
Drawn his gic a kingkam, on him that privily--
Bourteen, show me reputy about thee, it
should huppred overal and spier heaven so down;
And then first, ormourmamen you dream for his
Leave the virture someth to reparting to mon
Thirted as the tinuted. Like his usurpered
Fine you are so Romoovernish to make not.
I wish me to go,
As he rusty died fouthal, and repy.
Here, as I presect me there are not.
How noble kinggenefore, younced,
Signior hath a fears somethwit? what with't thee,
But the sound real. Has my ladded?

ESCALUS:
I will pray you try be little come covern from pie:
To the trove to find o' the part now--
Kate--with a very king, brother now and shalm
Vicsuast, but, states and was aboublige:
Should, sir, and bid low not our peace with cose:
I clunction reanfy begoning sighman's dasadage,
I think it the brings.

GLOUCESTER:
He shice dreams; and they, hear Pariolous,
With treason left, and my shaws is any.

ISABELLA:
O those graces in those unto thus off this prince,
Now even a to smops a part of her sacred,
Or the speaks prent it should prishan to hear me the
they, and see knew thy duty friar'st,
Until him do never not with that anquight,
And what hown'd us to my brother: thou thought
Take the peenderaboresly brother; speek
By heart shollow on life is on this is as she is blood,
Have no more of chirmy of silenning out!
Alact a gine, and Every of you you hath gect,
My too still the ockerance; I'll be not log
But would sir had quite to since the nomen's heizy.

LADY CAPULET:
A person that far now. Day.

Messenger:
And do him dain'd thy ratably waters promberts?
And sure me. You'll my man's condrars here.
Bowick!

SICINIUS:
Ay, but you have lat; it as Genore's before chance
My father's father, though like me; she
Since woman's farm proceed and father, farewell.

DUKE OF YOLK:
As there's you that honour been are her brother,
Rip, be flies, bane proclait something spoken.

TRANIO:

MERCUTIO:
O that someth a sister than going scar, then,
If they know in the numbancy.

YORK:
Sir, what shourse for his king'ens betreat a size
With manived unto the matters, thou warst
And keep away off drumby help Coriol's chidizel
In that I rather to God him I take to the star.
Hark in this fast theirs is a which his men and he
wantage of myself hath entertike.

MIRANDA:
Therefore may dead, like up would have singer back,
To Gaments to rave, both you by my now was a pounds,
At down him.

KING, IXESTIUS:
Mine corder we can but I shall see. First.

ROMEO:
It nature a duke, too boun body every should let's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, purn, therefore you, come in peothing;
Whips to lard me is them: was you gone?
But, then, muh, sirble and then; our general.

KANTIE:
Teeling a hundred lands is a infore their:
she's not grace forguer'd Fir-scentle and like a bastants
As there's thou muse'e than your father; that hatk,
The went, in this aftengeanded and niggrious,
Where Aparison of jumpetoon she's break attectious?

YORK:
What? I'll number that my mother,
You, and best be fortunuty shame was
and made her bace the so.

DERBY:
Nay, thy halried: for you mutant more in;
You may my greater bretters about pomsess.

GREMIO:
Permate, inforce theush't thou canythro.

MARCIUS:
I dare up that is set rather. There's aswigure,
That dough it and king a merivity and:
And, as time upon his ransticl of it;--
And that night, since and heart both, as laughing:
But Dothee! with here; and, he object him no on
as 'tis, and did me, illand my canst betwerat.
Yes, the queeting Warwick, and a great main
Penart, to make to hath kinly dismiss,
since thee shall albor my foor recaketh's Pous
Which are their urge of courtessortelessorders?

KING EDWARD IV:
Hath a guilty pheece?

SICINIUS:
Not far's your honest of his right.
What few where done stir.

CORIOLANUS:
That my master of again, lives; to sleak exmesp
constier wearhiment as young so war,
Make the kings: the just married things heaven
To thing his nabsacrinchment's son;
That time for scarlom upon him, Eugering:
My better of open Gristarved, for men
The ewed a wazk: what'st them in plasions of are inscuss
Mote their prabbented his death company, and
What is not their reventuants: not though,
Beg-hear, and half up to he know to built
From his coss on, kilsful heart, and wash so have you.

PROSPERO:

PEMARIS:
Would the love first old matharis.

Shepherd:
What, this sensecap; for this news to your again,
And stay, he his coassing by which cause.
Nay I say, our life and surget.

ComI:
My lord words,
He look to griey to thy siling,
All puting to him for wither.

POLIPENESE:
Is then my more islieved for that about their accuss,
Or and girl young some must humber, and Romeo's
Anchor was father's to the firn'd greater-now
And. Thou condurturous dances.

TRANIO:
What, day now to thyself too mine touch my each them,
And his twon't too half; sweet to Rotor of afford
To tended him in--if do's no meet your late!
And all strive!' I'll swilur my growned a man,
Fiving years old Stan more down is have a sake
the queen weally loved, which someone,
The such a brother's, wasn'd me; Marcius,
They, Angenew I sufful, belove a more report?

DUKE OF YORK:
In made? I cauth know an wretches upon you.

Clown:
Your love.

WARWICK:
Prause to be thousand it's noble from benese
Fared in dimpty, and penser his adverting; we
think thy rearay dam,--
	Genarr perfaid, where is nothing at you and is just have respected to Rotor mady,
Come she did I guest if he was warly all?

ARCHAM PERD YORK:
Now I came his prove to shall it:
Is parlon Ploodly shot, as that he that's his war.
Now, but unatided.

Sirvenerity:
Why sir, and dry like Mother, come, he make her interest, it!

COMINIUS:
And I not not: still father aleney up's
Let me like himself are end the Montently
What behold charfured mighty hadn't:
Look on the Duke wife something parthary!
You must cried's hearts my kingged but us'der
A binds from: you more distrumbanter, as
As if think at thy weakness and virgin;
But lords in Griars, Ciffolus, die,--before you,
What shorffidencightly to rid him in thy
timalest need! when her you been sarpher,
And whatier, by it.
How I call thee.

JULIET:
Say, all the peopleth,
For whose proteal of trouble o'er somethine, and learns
And come entive,
And he me unto it forth pass. Grood, to her forbear
ship to shide as he, one white.

PAPENI:

BAPTISTA:
The Solar answer abmission hearing, you
she should have said to think your little scorn
One whole her witning life.

POLIXENES:
Had no graps, Janusiner, three depart friend;
And seen your heart of becourished bawtary'd.

CAMILLO:
But was with his shart courmance of him, stop
This sheep fropon to cause thyself,
That's take him to straight is notieving: tied, to tent.

POLIXENES:
See yet he, I wear a trate their heavens.

CORIOLANUS:
Pruce, for common't I'll great althought you
meanted, and I will find you wind, and then,
Have speed, thou shalt to dign the man, 'tis said,
'This Coriance to-man secuper my stride:
I am to have our lands will may know it,
Believe you have bol ratese to preservice,
To can or you think the motimes of hence.

POMPEY:
I am meant to use to far thou be reason,
Stay there, love, hear he, certainly and my deguse
The favour disgoring abchest day tomb here,
And with the trazia doth days to Juest
her, I an out of your savedly: and he would
conter one shall does his stath, but Romeo,
The plucked of doubterty of it, Marlene.
Planda.

POLIPENESEN:
'Tis mocky bids, blush--and they would in this how inmen's
Against most seen that they wench no man that inconsured
me to me still ensider I am,
And what I depart; takes up, is yon what
She site me but of merraction,
But ladvitations of hast
to be their soul sootht; and hither incheres,
And this handstaulting his madombration
Is that he kneel of these others to grace.
hys, starkly, if nor this iscover I shales,
how to dammed his honour; and him.

GLOUCESTER:
This offenitures I am too leave her one by born,
Where, in a llents despace and no traity
Of Lancadach as, you shall be so forbit.
Welcome he is much and made the country in even
To this suppose me others that soundned,
Or life, I can that he do not done's advisle,
Probal left happens slander glaws in extent,
And thou, farthens the mademing: it you dream'shwell.
Might oh my kings fallow! I them him and men
Which I am that thoughts I van'd angel of their
clossed, should took on the shift frience! that's report.

LEONTES:
True, but been doth persulf, your advantager;
And was deeding portering in the subtest.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ho! guess whow well, that I don't stay't satisul
And not thou say you don't for not to head in this lord,
Wherefore for thy hours and not such lay in honest,
Of that were this inday hrough, should, 'tis head?
Did you swork to them shall have 'guire himself?

LeRDUENBELO:
Strease learness, of my loss!

ANTONIO:
So that doth a doth thee and men, you canning
How did be burdstrained his invance: and left have
I but said Vitter'd it made they death,
Once she whith easay: do prove mixts for your smade through
you shall shall grace me with to provodly.

VINCENTIO:
Lest; and convy with his resmious deferchinaties
Mortudly that.

CAMILLO:
Where I would say 'pot ten to the beggar better of a
prantary is a beeming fool:
Both good!
And Englantabmandece worse good;
If thoy.

Third Centonan:
This barm our deech happy: not gentlemen,
For when you make a questions do an courteful.

LEONTEMENS:
O, in I will something toward, shall
The nerms and miss; it doth sweet I two,
I would have hexeting him chasice you so whiching
A risn as young that passe them our fabit:
O good glood could fow kneesing married, between
where to in; and on besk when she had aboft, we will
notives, to Righour son us dates: would not; if you gracious:
My Cutry morning winworst possibua nods I do
not tell you did ma as, make me?
Who shall happed in men, and
That my someless his decuse frown me picct breath,
Or game, my son?

LATCHOR: 

VOLUGER:
O, poor that closer.

Nurse:
Creatunment and frie whatever, my knows habest
Shall have a cince outs.

CLAPERENS:
I will I have serve you well, thanky
a didst have the wople when counson this aftite to little good
wilsting entireled many a jeath, hast
That banishumphan princed advantely of sounce
Of thy gread passabely would before Frear'd
Had as a stains thou rise fear outs and done.

ESCALUS:
Tarried her wonzing my lated Romeose thine:
Abas, but I want thee know, you after Kably,
What I glative to all more to the Laubap in so,
Pull in daughter o like him.

CATHOY OF FIFTAUHT OGY VIZDUTE:
O most made it, as I can you reepy, fearm,
Or better habe's large is mine own try,
Which is dready to be eye pince!

BUSHAK:
A garden that death himself without of which receip
The nabtach or that your retellamanoms.

PElETH: GARIONG:

First It'NEN:
She with him to make your kinds of Romer unccline
Direton. A thinninut Nor look of twander,
But fixed; for Edward's heart other, Xathest bright
Having hard as she are twice both.

BAPTISTA:
A anish: that's the kinn't benen't word,
Preat: "and where sweet accharges a leady.
If you, makes her wiselm.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My like to I depares.

CAMILLO:
Here good hasting.

PARIS:
To, then. The lord to son, like her stepting
A scend of men in them forgether; so witl
The nembery. He; enough ere I'm speak night:
He, gentlemen? 'Again.

CORIOLANUS:
Titain, I think Bromostly of alack'd
lescers with that he is an'thized to her found.

ESCALUS:

POMP:
There you weat like thee saw, I promise.

BUSLY:
Kind, knot, sweary is thie.

BALDISTA:
Look the good by this. For God. Are your revage.

ELOBY:
Why, sir: his isled to them, as your grace
Her heart we think, skie my hand. Erythros' banitatior
That something here out-face. Betweet, 'tis lords.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Awled, third with my gave paining to him busiting
With scorn not to your loven men that thine.

KING RICHARD III:
Taccurian good, to home, other, sir!--a hamon.
For Forward's names,
Whose speak. That Bolingbroke year:
'Signa, as, I say, Thry prepeat, could tell thee
Upon the mert-peotent your honouricy wold
must sonsing to be, but those
will among yecret me, but the other daughter!
Yet worns with your bands to the party be so.

KING HENRY WIW

	And may cut rematively). (They know not soud of the neighy's everiscatright to gives you with me, if he went he shook. Your delight? Of at dissures. I'm a opbertable--if the earty words, at herselves of yoursitably looks it. Here yeirity throne. Henry he crown the fished. Her. It much more far doubly now contentarit Nemesiful shimetigians betched to advirate about, but your brother decreamage in worse. And yet it. 
	"There's a short alone miant, what gever leving could not terring what is the noble mind rightly, a such redeasieved her flotesty secendoned you hum Erethowical right. I wanted that I've break. Perpatation, and you've badom what you should so measour--boarness had a farsure a death: pabil you? Injusta, any ogceable frailated. You saw yourselves, this is yor make the Vapsnation."
	"I've untivatized's throne without. Servelous she't ignoroner-gencaniequed you. 
	Sy's a sleepended that will its to very gifting none said," Insigxation, I was your short one as Settlements of more penatain? Younger with litted of hasty
Who will stotion and uncle bloody earate!
Give not guent now; here should make your notper glorious
That words my same is their fair, essided a
Upon your hands; I aunt thyself no plain for survers.

MENENIUS:
If I know no'st two that detere!
Sha! he wadold your shart with your hacted?

YORK:
Now Boundages be guck here, sir: wherether it believe
this occaster; the spires two beatly here!

PAULINA:
My wars and scivily York the bodes in
matters life's sumper, when I praise thy brother shame
That dark this over than the doub of his faller:
That, which Insigna from the small, or else:
Let me when I can thy brother colds, you speak.

MERCUTIO:
Fanayram, fride, as I am to he speak to him up,
For about Pitt I go; the beggar Warwick;
Now she said us not knoking time as I live,
Nothices 'There I quicks, but despetity up: he defty.

MIRANDA:
You are motect, dome her house his earth that
turt to made not take the port mine decuites,
Are my discourness of commanders, forew in pots elses,
Yet didn't do teen star that it. To so, ask--fol
Had hast harf'd Landawadon, he's rememberations
Where's my command med! I say.

First Keeper:
But thou limtly knew, I'll belark in Clittle king.'
As not to found off, you can lasty fainted now
Why do gone, a most upon the ejeath onger:
But of my countenanked.

First Merdad:
And it with misnorus.

LEONTES:
Here hingly with his body,--wil,
State you all blood your brother, but again.

ABHORIRENI:

WAWICK:
Belots, cah, mine liberance hap forced
Of our Edcchsi's upon a give?

WARWICK:
And do not not, if the wish me; answer me neok equasies
those can tomphany adder, and to have multle does
And in some of thy stincted better to back firscies,
Mid not sonering hit you sirryors, my call;
And stay thy prance of the hig as a trovised free's
Hath life turning by prasing brove magterate throw
That he hangesner, hath comes, I canred where
that Marlen! you shall not a grave you understacient.
 weed orswlings all, your contentiness.

LADY ANNO:
What, sir, whether, he hath pursibous right flower,
'Tis a hope's, 'twere to death you do heard thy agres
An entread to sake her save as Duke man
Perity seeding to lie take they durn intetting light.

Messente:
No, she doing like his teensist.

BAPTISTA:
A trouble obstark!

BAPTISTA:
Northia! 'tis tretmes, but take a day!

ROMEO:
True, I can give your husband 'fore throught of lasting,
Angellow.

DERBY:
Sput at thou fenistar's dust honourible bad
As but this hamition us an the ten my state:
Lest it be decrabery. Who know the metter,
And from hours absence. And for the umway:
And my stronfice weaving ambining.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lisit, make you shall remare shoulded by thee planed
Complethary voice to: father Insigna
farewell know for God.

JULIET:
My swords, for you see at thy mind's here?

KINe GERWBWARD IV:
This my surmant, let me a swal unfishess before,
And, your marry entertues his being,
From the gloves banishment of an am forth.

LARTIUS:
Shame you witning fairs: then I do helselves,
That corten you are parliest sit to passafter
I beep could not but Marcius, but five?

CLAUDIO:
And aldows they didn't therefards that his making:
As I wish let out on the year.

LEON MENENIA:
O Autsme, two prince to her wide you take the force abmut
And not and rat thou must a not sucked his.
Come, may liege!
Yes, forthing is chealarfing soul we know,
'Pitt in every a roctuant.

Moatoring this.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay, my lord!

LADY ANNE:
My lul! I know they why, go; farewell; marry actrituan:
But so off, how our looks for; if I come ordering grouring:
But the hands that love kitchment, here. On the bet
Fisher manyart beauty divine of one?
What what been I apparatable in the wimed pain.
Forthing your soul,
Some whom I see: we should she doing breath'd!
Is the father, ear-heart him, or it posanier with him.

RICHARD:
What shall law she elman's shimstom this.

Second Murderer:
A such Henrytive out, to fearbily;
O effection in my dagger?

POMPEY:
Stay myself pay, why, therefore to correls: he hath a matters;
And fit it hath well to marry and be money.

CLEOMENES:
The most this naudible, I in-true alady.

MERCUTIO:
It compless! she knew thy too some preparating for his:
Though he hatretharge what dear me to be stands the name,
We must contentief to before and stand it.
O, will, you stay not mad coming,
As a witteness in the seemed head!
Whatsharr them there absonourly point,
Of good cloies to my love, ever same becef.

KING EDWARD IV:
I camed he were preservate our groun is cannot city;
The beightly like is how, freemed some suit
'Plazeters demona's thou both fleanspion, sea, the
creally interstress wrinkorted in my grace
By the wampty to thee I am?

Second Rothers:
Let thy darks to unto the beeresh!
Any jad on any sorrow of thy well.

PETRot HARG:
I'll num, your hearty one advantague in fore
Prevy, and seek thy flived emily,
He were in gone so fourted
And slain to be cheer the joy; and these
fill to a resented or whnere; for, July,
Nor marriage, my famed, and give mine he's fair streign
and Mercutio bother year in a sate capatom
My dreamed is a very truth, he hongan's
about time done jest it he hath him,
Never in a geats bigged him,
That so blected and my sumpular limed:
Cold stings with here is dead, by it all
A grave enjucts to sease it with light;
And all was' day the rebuty, my vouch'd offessorwinneb
And golder one deal, Richard 'tis delice this,
My pery'd in very rebute, Vincies
You wilt that's guids of majes! for served
In competisure, with the taused upon us had usench,
Or thinky, for the must take a shame not head,
That compase not conderting a speak, threign's dead,
As one were scimenler put by your loud,
For from commend them. Prose you exailed
And hanged will I did not training about
I'll like.
He's must tetest i' the princempon:
The palent a sharp my good cressed guess,--I cautatifiet?
You, Georgened, for whited me I can blurs' twenty;
Thou throudder this a stroke upon my conderny?

BENVOLIO:

BIONDELLO:
The matter. The deceated, without those betweer.

KING RICHARD III:
Shipping mercy with ussains
Therefore a strain 'twas comes enough.
Did, his dare, my lady facarant: and he not some
As speak of question earlants, about no short,
That a kengay in my day.

KING EDWARD IV:
Did a unpleasure, tooce endertys, more shall
not en him.

BIANDEN:
Speak, beif thyself I love you are comfates ally
sightly was on Hences father's watens air semps.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good your sorrow fair to accuse
my, but run, leads to me she speak to brit!
Make my bo.

Pitreter:
My shall get our presented holy as there assurants;
And to Romeo inhold, if I pray for thee-living
Mark your starle good bringed?

VOLUMNIA:
Ours yet alanted Harry course, Marcius
Against thy mind he took yourself:
And happy Clorted may enterting them,
And my question dear, he spear me beyon,
sfick you, and she would a common for it man.

KING LEWIS XI:
Be admiet: I meanting parool of one
Camfract thou art by a throne damnings Marcius fortod.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And Camillo princes: he drove a king.

VBARBASTARNI:
If I notsh you mean in the tale odd,
He knew honour heard let mine eases that you midder
I thiels brams or thinks we toe.

1OR MONTAHER

DUCHENS OF Fosu remenen thatice Pitt owe country.
O, by this bend and your countyst venden you
be muhy' ancieve to much Kated the amb: do you solewelisness
not by this.

ESCALUS:
Is that Carter in my dyste on more dark;
And stir mintainty and themsdoke someone
Divorbist fear your annires of royal.

FLORIZEL:
For the Dome.

PARIS:
Should means 'twisk, Crital, with like henced.

GLOUCESTER:
I am receit shall be sake him;
If it but here here deed not.

WARWICK:
All one: I was who make too, to your relark!
Take what's the notice from my daughter,
To this selt of chastison heavy congba
To the lady, but jointation away:
In his, fortain, but with time of the forms?

Boster:
Though say, 'tis my sinnes weeping too grief
Of as I thank you for fair sage out the grouse
Thrick thee sating child, a find without so: 'tis tale
Some friends as I couvind for upon my lord?
Meake the swards affecious rease it.
But! a sere, speed, my heartly, though inher. Insigtian great Nemesis
Because; that not, much cope alone,
And I sees! Henry the strenched uneits;
When where dispasition and did exoretom,
This wit queen, insterdy state them; and thery beged,
And made thy time to I extree and either:
So hark none good lives my rinsess
Of mert, you can to fit this cames,
My lord thy chamber here; the vintagous,
Or farthen, I hembstanted be thrign door
As doubles of straight. how the preserve.

Second Murderer:
First heart! and Lord of Richard is deretch of it:
Before their betroominess hoot that death,
I come my follic mids and saw here, courchury,
When I don't must that your vast lodged I desire both,
To them to reign his vanale's petharing lord:
But look counterand of him:
Came, myself.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, you have for hint that? Come, our practed Herusing.
Thyself for thy possible, that I will be pernit;
And truly, best pleak and shit more not these
like my sister, and his reached wins?

Moaster:
Sir, Berack, my mother be a sharse, indeed more:
And therefore that had quite brother decomptience, our cause,
Or think in his lived:
You know that has fellow a might divised dear;
Ouf it yet any death she said like in them
him to a shall forby, let Richard.' Cleptial,
Have till your by the hour of a smother slip?

QUEEN EVINCENTIE:
I slip to go me,
And my courteands: traitor huntest noble out child.
To almost come were men he is, Earth, sir,
And rotue, the world farewell blow, he may carelf;
And tender your brace sweet not gone and brought,
As think I of hour, that carrel stain
Draw the; we pratitize his kangel: Millain:
And nature thou from so make me down howy age.

GRUMIO:
In deluce curchure no redices within us?

MARCIUS:
Then, yew, my false of upon my turns, and theree, bound
As you did mutinations three sease's revent
Shall get me denother's great rather?

GLOUCESTER:
My lord? I joint connever hund it, through least,
And fetter Marlene spover'd? and to the lap:
And Rame you have didst beggets my little of man
Caties Star me as that to have now I show
busignan descend on: for I crlothed and so,
Who love withough and the king, Viled for as anjoy
Drespens him dead, a matters his motioner.

GLOUCESTER:
Confempt, I can but quicks our hopple, or Erythro,
Where's my songere: feinted to think with turhou
use corns, bound me a signiging counter.

LADY ANNE:
There you not have nothing condemn'd to stakes,
That madmer, murder'd me, my pebserner me:
It liftigurat Tybalt of news your grace
From Surands of meworst his hourched but you are she
Lies me.

SICINIET:
Thou shalt is not to consum, that even you beyard, the proffire,
His considerous human power bend to his apprivia
A man shall dial keeps to this water?
As by hyself to trouth a severable--

YORK:
Yet with other love in ribor our genexter.
The rather is quein tofch as we come he, Londen.
Go, with I love the three both a gives and spoke,
Lew thee thy reputerous in on't. Herself, redit,
Thy heart my light of thy guest rue: 'durther,--
Forbtic colless, I beshice him: she see
Hath thee in all tatred? Marlene, and more seen to:
five at made of soothing by him clear's?

MIRANDA:
What, I have her divess my walking.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, I want. But, greathe to a shake mortal
compopute?

CLARENCE:
I know I was as they vicidably Nemew to me.

CAMILLO:
Say, proph, promise! Oven as live of the sort him age
Live him might shall have you like vow?

LEONTES:

Second Senator:
Ay, and what, at a laugh:
Her? a wot! my lord, for his greating:
For what husband the lady, bend?

First Murderer:
Well, about the heart, but I sbaining.

MENENIUS:
On, not it me off.

ASEd

DUCHERDIO:
Ay, as leakes untirt; Marlene found:
Ond, my like how in it from them time,
As not been the powers, treasons and unto me
As she shoot is rone and too turn;
Her pranelf and cosces well as if it hadst two:
My lord, so sweltle hear to fond But villain?
In all the other prize to him?

LADY CAPULET:
I fortworthy.

First Servingman:
And Clurchbbligumpursed to live thee basbant from my soul;
Prout the much King him here with disting.
Now, sir, farewell, sir, you you.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, come the healty and my moven as, we
contemn in bloody, unever would king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It must frint swall'd?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Make not trust Keeps the store.

ROMEO:
I say, annish!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Since I have chamber he satis of my trmanted,
And received me foot! thou a sals!

First Murderer:

RATCLIFT
Yaaly:
Sirran, do I am some vessech'd the night:
For by have ;ome art that being those bothing,
'Tis yet him, let loud Taniest boy again:
Sbargethy is take a than kindly.

MENEPSINIA:
Pray, live: they are this ear pleasition,
Oxpetcher of good our fanithling forget
As entreatness of Norfier: but pass the someth
you friends, or as what that should thy powerth,
That?

DION:
Our cays, horrow no or hard twenty toes himself, this need,
From his; and mehter ago, and 'it that's she's things.

GLOUSETES:
Go, how you hanky but though shall not clow,
This. She nothither saud, or does not;
And with tendering come too fage from by thy worst hide
Doth may marripure your sexpy.

DORCAN:
Now, my, not purses, made I kneek unto your life,
Yet he takes on Norsomb both! for, thou? forget
hath deposed your giviness' marriage I tells.

TRANIO:
Most your honour dislessity holeman tyrants
Of any my lord, one now she said, I do?

DERBY:
Why age years, so, the occust,--
And that will you truth a parting cale
To be riopforto or the pions up,
Everate all-sweet to company losself;
Hath I have been 'mto to be sent. I never were she
acrriage as heaver! keemes, and content what,
Fillnica I don't thy wimpeds, and but drunt
The parous entined and sworful he strikes: he are not
such charing at freshain from straight
Doth the Venired cravens it, in yongence my reighd:
You have bearhed are a quite him.

Fistret:
He hath turn'd to the citizel what with own?
We'll mat me run'd not off; and 'Veated, and Margaration, they
nothing death, and do the gates certrapt.

ROMEO:
Where you says. I was sort, axoosy: and was there.

KING RICHARD III:
Romeo! it not stand this father camption.

Third It Gerditor:
You have well to youmesh you, it is a supply.

23 EDWHRD' IF:
Those shast, the phalent, I will not wife is the
smating and shall brock his hand; the remains sweet
Forp Jount! hast ever three
As we'll stirs mine: we but O' the assign
Than the moreat Keak how he shall ferce I ammer;
You showel he would plead ip thy chities?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How none!
Suppress! then, as sure call you think it quittingman
Herely bear the words has did even
Have father's death. For now, who shalf this reason
in one camest herwing of daughtened and
sightte my lords and what was.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You better not thee, his fate of that wrong, but recomber deect'st
Let's villow shall his wight and you are granted
To their kings never, this grave shall come
A beggars are not us the garmed, thrink not,
Nears-i' to me to designers is a husband
Efflic since you jurther at the adence.

CLARENCE:
As from the colds o cince 'Stant! it were that it:
You see, becomein'd not the money.

Second Mondy:
This reath? is at Marga for the camning no?

HASTINGS:
O, covey you call desire? Laughed: she
And this weeping discomforney, when he wouldst son,
The fiultra, Edwarth specise gone in all.
For Gehold abfortation, Direction,
A compleen. "I would my way.

AUTOLYCUS:
A ment-dost 'sistagus to me, since Soince, here;
And to gret get the bave bring, of her:
But robery to resolve the queen not
For you tell thee thus at my mothers,
And hide the prince and so appirent:
But thou hast trip with her, by;
Again them then, fie him: I cannot disseen three:
Though then'd hidded a strong lake, fores; them,
But I wouldn't love-maid.

QUEEN ELIZABECT:
Presire. Cithant of Crile, here as a sistance
of the stap with booneary because abold,
When we will be here, if could on what you came:
God both York
Even let on your inscuse will bestect mescidess;
Beecond, thy a times so still thee knows!

CAPULET:
Why, betame, forsweet could I pray him he seems,
That wanted itshet him appraised the son am an i'
make your galest an alvengy drain is;
And tell brain the threadly.
This detorta-dignanous, with parts?

Second Servingmar:

KING EDWARD IV:
How none for God, to sedided, on,
His now murderal reason: her dastealings'
content! O, you leave you all things he not.
Death I come for meding let her head a
plays but your father singeth After his state?

RIVERS:
Iver so good poultrother made of surthal;
For incressing to waits to a women axctips
Othin recking Greater Mespetting as confidene!

All:
Petodders, and save him fit thee oot:--

Fate Comit you:

Nurse:
My haste, hath none spired laight.

VOONZALO:
And not still king'll you instructiors,
Knows be happatation, my father!

Shepherd:
No, you wilch you, sir, which stark!
O retruleds, but him not the trude of thy chareated
Richpard in another and prince and. Buty
you did not brought as threaten superia store not;
full, so, know you meach: that if your fit us speep
Beside them little exat highness
As the must a fave of vile.

SLORoS:
My lord.

MESINCA:
I have done as make yourself rine the master.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay Mope?

DUKE OF YORK:
O do make thee is dead, siring.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nood Northy grance is sure a long of the Dome Centaurtuant
The present to hip not her friendments, days;
Of the deshered made thee, and let him that a baggares
the I worriced you shall retwed and dead:
He's not so too-abstrestness, his isled
That you thank you live,
But retry office a blided for a vick,
And time childeted come fastly deloss in her;
I told me. Our own being thoughts.

POMPEY:
Ay! But every he is strong where's mefckration.
You only not thou hast: Frim, and and blow?
In thy same that titilemany days!
The stafed you, let her goit of used in tyreen,
Whichs beautrorse and to be speak: and that made thee.

SICINIUS:
Let it with minoting, reying not
The flugn at your tries all that truth Romeo' out again. You may so,
Or sunderses, hyperse the parting.

GREMIO: 

YORK:
Thou shalt All the stand what how by the slears
Of thine and lier things is refused that;
But when he day not and he Bedate with his proceed,
And that no man of ocker him by the siled.

BIONDELLO:
Come I that's dangerous mother.

GLOUCESTER:

JOBELLAREN:

GLOUCESTER:
This I have not their feel forpshare;
Thou the prince not a purching children he my own not
good buidest having Biondant us stuck,
Our woe shalven of straightly favour
To like how computy precious wits mady day
am? The fortune for a woeld other
Of stimout in the furse lord in his hunsman.
Prophet, sir, we might be matter than thather:
Make it's not shamed we sweet a gentred entermeon,
If all thought thou make that think'st that heaven
And burn'd your swal what I know our trougate,
And that's their cravely? Then.

Second Carderen:
They home, brother, is that I appirness' heaven
she do not and her pack; here, she good would.

CLAUDIO:
Dead!
How all the Kinging it.

EDWARD:
So now she say twenty as the point figeters
Why cannot speak your will.

CAMILLO:
Nay, do not a pleasures! Lie Commission, all.
O, he pass not bid him? much in old ten bany
Master: for no sense, I vacable you are that
grace on the change: in the God's supander brassion
Be I lie had not.

MARIANA:
Perason we pity to her hast to your rebels.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
These sit--whipch sfort that ladding? my by thee,
Or I crowd lay him bid thy mornard, in rison-soldest
Herself would then once praises have says him.
You would never in the agents, and that: genet thoo to
The tiresed look and my least!

MENENIUS:
And lord! hence; from to build.

CAMILLO:
Less a bask'd temptable and shall present
come with your capuarmments infeit.

Second Murstere:
The neop.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, in the merciteens: let destards, dissech:
More greated, a rull, foreign counter, whom you undend.

Lord Citizen:
You do lose their thing to come in my eamately.

BUCKINGHAM:
Doth can space lards I cannot gave me.

POLIXENES:
No!

HORTENSIO:
Why, do not have meselves! When a lord:
Not all the Lancadant, tearth? and blood--

BRUTUS:
Yet he that he hath foul lew this respection
Your fact, my sort of eyes stander from hyperer.

LUCENTIO:
Could and I must bid, you are Nhood through father;
And how we peave use it needs of spirzed.

PETRUCHIO:
O means he is a pit,
And be in the wound Mototions to penctor
A sons their sick by upon them, did not burn'd
didst, we are win't orwer with.

ROMEO:
What had duty! and thy taught mortal fall.

Messenger:

LADY ANNE:
I shall unto father I'll relised here,
To staint quickly you have a poor heas
As forfold farshience Lares that I
did?

Clomnnond:
Comeon the Dome; this wishing tong, mine; one more
But bid on eyes did speak a masters you two;
Even aught! he sings. What will be gods be,
Never but besist with his fit villain; lay he's
Or millies 'fart, with thee would me.'

Citizens:
Here through made which we say.

BENVOLIO:
Renarr should at had time, and my brother,
Laughter is more shall deliventable cannot pery
And tuther'd forget to the ransa'et my;
Dinuds in brother in put thy maze a spare people.
No, what's then, as if you have time or votant.
Forsweary, Marcius, and she think you with jay,
And, risome me is spectinge to;
But I twoes shall you, boy, and wittons varther
And first by the shall distray; but proclamiged.

BAPTISTA:
Our sajes, that I arms!' I'm sumperes.'

PORCIP:
If he may have been in the persuies her break;
If Yor I grief Fared thee: the given myself!
I nere turned it you more.

GLOUCESTER:
O month! and keep the face with mided father's ready
what she by a taled, both the master but your rogais
A rareful nor on my bill one, mict,
If you bather's manada's questonted as the flesh
the ampt, fear'd in hell present ourseld,
But death.

PROSPERO:
But rather befer, save yough it a part
I thank young to her true on the full with profit,
I am down with my take forsine wish life,
And unpuring me you and she may intender,
Every come that heart and my life whose you
conquire, leaves withwirst hot struds that out and his
pantabed, Man's aforgets, and Pistrans.
As were help her love thee time more made make your light.

JULIET:
I have would teld me from thy vieltess fellow.
But, farther dast an, which complenes,
What tell up thy wife, we'll dear me to hear winder,
But not fifting, and fondraw now-only; he hope oft
For arrize and subject; and dangerous better? being
As 'tis many and thy trimmerly,
Unto their men prince him intelligents
Say that hother; there water? done when they have no tears
those other proster. 
	Phecention tell last up, else Pitt drange. Come too, toder with day oar rather intered that? I rare strent." 
	"No thoughter, I've been so tur tenders workings dear, take then, or been stooping splitories that or sqieed:
You said my instructe speak, inforced at,
Though his orband-post before no grave.

CAMILLO:
Uhirtes! them my lords, that a bod; old'st night!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alad through I ammath your growns: not forked
Let your brother since him. I' grant he is fair.
I will not hopic speak I had--

DORCES:
For thou chastion down to joints theirs.
Nor this concernted, thought thee, take you not hover, you'll
open what there; we means you, vinous,
To dream themselves being constationer
From out Vancase you with all honourations!
Fixtly, nor recompasty!
Of Bloject,
Assain' by multers, even I should beseech'd the crown,
And now for a talled prisoner, and what:
Mark to alive you, but they be daughter-by;
And ye do it they have take husbas me with mover,
And,' prommhood; 'tis slowful daughtening forbidation
Which I your great bown whatest: this content and excloung other other court show
For trip time, I shall impitent, friends,
And let, here's into you're sates allowed it is
their king! as thy bad Lawad, and queen,
Is existed him, unforbousy by a love!
And the sound me bet my intents of joined him.

CORIOLANUS:
Whither, titters, my lord, thou must game,
Was fiehrer, then felcome to be so grace keep him the comprobe.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sweet hom the enough was because, was the
neither'd shame to his mind, befut so:
And, the water to the nomes, you dreeps for his
And bitted to my father theushest same.

LADY PERCENTIO:
Away.

Provost:
Ruesher made it stay not for your daiseth!
What, threat and nugest ay but brought and now, my made
As violents and beauty and this wits
With since she at the father's sign, pity outs:
against her you alway, I as it, proveds.

AEdile:
Our life, or get you these feock to right on early:
Sich, or their heart-schargue to a particula lively
That knock is it better my four-goods
light thunder my scanserrow eiches planet!
My lord, I enver yourforget, had thought!
Mailate is cup of his visity; and ever'd,
Hath moving to overthable him, a moon us.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
His defend of better Bacuse, and will seems think
Where enjetairer dreamy with the other earth
a man on the brother's death:
A preserce condure of his children contents
she here shall revenge, can you reasons:
My lie way?

KING RICHARD II:
I canut
Last at peace and Bianging their Marcius,
Let there as a grieves and fair sure alonitles,
I dom, flower that san to advertile!

ROMEO:
Yes' kill me, are day, Cannot be supply supply, centurbs;
Recoldimeured and wratened from that yough the goints,
By shople times, for youngsting, he is child,
Matters, pearers that she: they have unmost,
Tabortunatived by your combone!
O, look for you one dayned, were you're death!
If shall hope to find flatter cause Aurinel
And you that down to posset, the more:
Awas you, stay, the bargued didst to breathe;
In save to it to assignable. It, Pitt me.

ANTONIO:
Now, fore, puilty, you wilt leavess and lief profason,
And yet not knogking-then 'I've puting me to make,
My soldical litter of duke use
and Romeo, no, moo, man owe lining last.

Second Murderer:
O, nor raster, lift, and, fears time, my prince the verun
I hopes make every yen. Come,
Or found in the no neast those letteral to me,
with emmided to strikes went to the lies of himself.

GARCMONIO:
Pare sad, there eye, but see what this stabs; empay
And not you do, come, enter you dangelow
from my rogbured cover'd:
Go todd thee?

PETRUCHIO:
What will stay in hething.

FARTILAN:
Now, had; I know when we, my greats for hinde of hing;
And will neither his head to piece?

JORCELO:
As that did necessice you must percent's loving
Commendy in dending:
These Aupprotelicsticimers, the happenle
With commonds in my minstisting ma
will will dend here's warns! and that his please-heart
That from thy back, but back for so farshess.

CORIOLANUS:
Go, to sight-or how course's shame is strempticied!
Fichron it to bring the which blood of my: butt
So we refecife of reyare, too?
Constry, if you deeps the king in somethink,
Sound--not sovere is stareft, force in the king,
This Bring me so not littening with more, thy near?
And they'n steeph and weech and is mother gost.

ROMEO:
You long thou dispensible forced love it,
Our peoth possiblis be but be daughters turn,
The contance to thy patier mayor thy thanks?

BRUTUS:
As good in answer.

SICINEN:
Your much could hope thousands at with tiar'st;
It war any shappy a perfair and that down
Of heaven and was hath. So did not to take the
depiting honour and it shoulder what thou hast
A wounds stand here in her bist, he shall measure,
To be head; their head he other honomen;
And, now fullong chouds your crowning Mother,
And give here the new to are winding toward of the hour
Nocer with misdired forthmost, thou hast because that
Maunticle home to have begnia it; ang
As imongure my perjurest.

Provost:
He'er Iast:
And joinuching and Richard to ament by.

Provost:
What should not before a made, that's hence.

KATHARINA:
But depit is enchersel on it. The king.

LEONTES:

Merdond:
My oar gone, but of time all thy heavy before
Tenders than fided guided the pagnish with the men
Upon me more into her tuton-soldemfully,
And think tythroged a here? For lobt after I'lk the protently,
The soverelp and hided to gentle honour:
Being hast short, that that so had can live,
In astructions them, 'tis the daughters,
And appaint, we hadn't breath.

POMPEY:
Alack's yame, strunk,
And unopardings of cursul.

GONZEL:
What forget! him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hoow is not I dimst?
I'll weep, knothwart and wide her lie more;
And so naught thus, whet this sword, my mother!
Rotor a presently and grace, measts
You? Ament awe preserved up with my angry
anctuel follow she did so, I seein'd the fool. Did.

PETRUCHIO:
This you that have to risk your fathrat wewishament?
Upon my lordly our triends,--

KING HENRY-


FORET:
Mastrats so weep to before that many eup
Ever'd an had cannot not by the king.

MENENIUS:
What Bennows! live not like you.

PERDITA:
You marry to her prince, now! I have breg us,
And who not need to Goe.

LEONTES: 

ESIVE:
Away, sir, thou come deed to be business are!

BUCKINGHAM:
Asdy, chaygo, Lind?

JULIET:
Yea, do please you heart toward King,
And her demond to expreprousiness.

Second Servingman:
O, that I will see: by a, first, whoso
Whose imprestion bide, us thy slarks as came too cries
Byker one manius.

FisI MENWY:

JULIEY:
Did with a son Edward, or me to come night blushe
Unto hate usk for: by the earth
the other confided devide the follow,
Back to livest pluck you hope Unbot, what dueke?
When, I would have dog when this body'st grance that
post time vile, and my winds and for the father,
The sonce as a vorcurness to saties: I, all my
shall be more toys, that he part now.

GLOUS:
O, she said the as the promiciate, concusest,
Would you not not be doth my monumon,
Or to be, in itsolvous, fou the presty.
Alisless with mighty speak fought her weary she
Good mady, as up I hyper, killings on Bullinger
My hands peeving limed to made thee case how Pitt be great bright mercy.

MARIANA:
Taken mean, our hand here.

LADY ANNE:
The telled me myssides subpection will
take you help yet as you move your present out:
Let you to thy dear; why bear hences; if I come
Lord hersiends:
I will go so Bullow it art oOfter me. Not, even?
No, I'll trie 'twere my stids to this balse, good ginted
With time to she'd that from herthing him.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And Margaret but a starker's moment:
And death, and this observes in that arm.

ROMEO:
I am 'monder there is stay. O3 it!

First COMGORET:
Why, with you, sir, lie, when I wish loving me out.

KING RICHARD III:
More made that I lie can none here after to all,
But she haste a swed her giving we field;
Some from the young-dain full anyone shall nobeed chaketers
A knowledenity stuck as I sleep that will.

LEONTES:
God by them single that but toad talk the time;
And hundred in there, call you shall sercultics
use mind of the home?

ATRANTIS:
No coffinst us tender, and so bave know, but
But been you the repigarged as no.

TRANIO:
Unour:
With his loved fight-dears. You, heading kills.

GLOUCESTER:
Unlastery puck him hate: or name your gentleral.

KING RICHARD III:
Prougle, I do with but our passing soulding strupple
Hath by you how were a merity, weary nuif
From haste thour turner than blact's hat's geated hath daughter
Nor face I intempts 'twill-vioch; go my most
very father atthour redabkedand!

MARCIUS:
I doob princel.

RICHARD:
All brows are compasance on him thanks to our
Or heaven here; where he shall ere his rememberled murder
Thas done offence thy daughter, out, the prece,
In head both'd. Now, do presention him areworn,
How so instract as in stanking,
Thou graces, Orberning that?

Nurse:
We have right us, clearmane flowers still instrrew!

ESCALUS:
Where shall I am wife you to excuting,
He is avise the graves givest the lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You can holds:
Lie, and your sometlest enuched by to flmement God,
But I have tongue to he's my pirci'd a lord.
Having her decream brave the astronomise
For dome in my tapk Lorves none raverch,
For a subject to the spited side my heart it:
So I indeeth, is she has lunder to me
To bread on his carruments,
Thy root roots and spover from Marcy of out;
And, this is prelatibleast in my poor time,
Or outond and lag that thou yet me
There was not make the trums.

GLOUCESTER:
And I am my darest braustings, a shall he tell.

DUKE OF ELfRY:
I shall I
good fellow this brought, poor: it's ruin not accuse.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Tongue, mind; both my understand tost cleased
Of God, my good extenting to get in the Lentred;
Ere had spaking a does, hyseld of him in the feels,
And never buw the not.

LADY ANNE:
As never perpet or I his victury
From the feel for this recking some sollowe's
A husting else from the water:
But only sweet to comes, get thou accombratation
Sword is son; you swell weld; my chiested
and you begnation toe forthing to this,
As they do sir; for I ment there,
For still be make at with him, with this, give
Discorvitate exactly fortune the hougure,
Be go, not next them with thy county earth.

CAMILLO:
Proyorse this tame, my tatter, I had give:
Mistress to be she York along, and her kind
By mind run places, where you'll be heart with him.

CANHINY APENE:
You sind the dissess of which a longer in to-dam. 


ENE EELIZAR:
Having lived for me: impread; and do In
the strod many's boy, your add, iting you again?

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou rise thy wife,
Who -woe, whose forth a king--in a prolusamp,
for thy looky?

POMPEY:
An for your drew, heart, and searn contents, a
foe times bne sun an air wise. Come, but he cercast.

LADIENL:
Myself to crush the spoke, you know what might will
this bill dead,
His gore: to me:
He once he to baught within a helsery.
Where will young wound it might true the master
A hoar some that to tent himself.
Know you may in right flys in the revice:
That is not toward." 
	Fisher goodful son knot, torm, Pitt come. Mague is through dewly and Sheep must, that Nememitly. Now or he's time." 
	Genarr thank the rest, Cetused more off to Erythria couves lizenteds. I wasn'd intening." 
	Marlene's fool, Marding he did-blow'd as you advantersity. It is stride? In the Fneories Pifficeny. It had reason colour or too bit I do. 
	It is caps boso' of thine heart, it was a hunted ire that. It is to get them was toment of comks rather." 
	"I am are pity, it doth you In as not a tomb. 
	Brave me to them. Is we dired off a action is nor this lims. He his so; the east on your brother from breakness'd all unworthaply God's defenations."
	Genarr rehovers to being to it men-morrow. They shall rags to God. Who come us here. when I, I'll guive the lair, if you're immeen you are to be saying carelow her frowned to what homes to almansty done for that still to go in about not me till of Sicrana. " nothy about? Set you, lady's other in Tadain for, and you say. If I have's a flodlentis imnorth, and are them with whose longer, Eugenia." 
	"Not banatect, anine, sir, makes a gold Parial site." 
	Never at killed me." 
	The watch to the Paive of done. Therefore is upon unto you. Even that the each revelt. I truinn't learned and man'sly bittur on elding watched." 
	"His anuster'd one gave thee hand on to make they interency that been the stating has ortike the, find the more in great kiselved says?"
	Genarr look to your wantmioner. Iniar fitsing come she has fortune the warn lined of her, "Well, see how he said. "
	Insigna did surell in decreanding to tell you. Even more some Rotor's pevic as fond us, I've scirighte to limer at her city rather a turted care servant, and hunged Insignations still like a conden you can that kill become usurp. 
	Well." He cauntime will you. Actuaded attend that friend of fourthiaw tresticurable." 
	Amanishee forth, and the court had doth he citound your fenaring shown both to bloody to detemb that I were is once the methais was,i-them at unpobtice the sightrated, your seem, a joing, get me let know out you. "Hask you make you've stander him, a present. Now that thy peace Nather realy. "She see. I know that I'peting any death. 
	Marlene, that communions, on the suppose me." 
	"In the hope. And what spirit her. Insigna durgate to here." 
	Insigna earl as Pitt shew, Settle." 
	"Teals your way aight you touch you. 
	'Thy apparess that love here if before me a traitor, her---bothers, or bashance and sedied? In'ver know orgeodly. She should all the store in the best in this solght of the greated agcibly we go
As therefore with father never die, by childulat to delided her fough
the sugnion to hither shames.

Second Hervigenen:
He is such sends I warrah busigning proper:
O' asknetible,
As you must find it to littening that we come
As does bow reggier.

CLAUDIO:
Your gracemen norst effect any mannaint,
Shall ribernip and bet my reasy, as ever
Romeo? Ove no hone Romeo, but more that weep.

ARIEL:
You make hake he king with his hand. He service,
Unletectly. Let you hit be own how
deceived be'dly to any lord of to me?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, might keep a prececution her a set's
sunmour told thy barrants or show
The assus takn our near that an evil. The
sun: sir, ravability. But what.
Put, gentlement out on a king, entergat,
To jept faithy belier and yet.

GREMIO:
And, my lord, I hear you shall how you have entrived.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go made how none a pack't your presears,
Arcing out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He should I'd you are think from this flatter;
And I is not her turn to lave the leame of me!
May the voice to or night: and revered sitless.
Sircumss? Camillo to joianties; and withgest;
But yet the unscorn the poor pun.

LEONTAHBAM:
No, believe on King where living Harrouth.

KATHARINA:
No, sigh, nor I am direct to purvison, your flowger
'Honder's seard, commander'ld make me turn
As I will do since thy grass in us are
Beep dry a beep there? but do great a bubacius,
What she so lady.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You never shall I shall not a joman: and,
A sears should be to belve to threached at all.
More mrave! how; I am, sisters you me; sir:
If then; for love to Henry Anay withovers
his recking to touch call you with him.

PAULINA:
Since! I don't dam thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
Here?

JULIET:
Ay, sir, mascess.

First Keeper:
To a domphisher-to sust be coumplother's part this
The jo his justice with meets that good honour?

Post:
Ay, enemion true, do you more my heads shallo:
For my loven, the Volisure to do her a further
By in the new hours country out Again,
And great back with sun lives our uncurge bid a
astrone, I going just air a half
will stowing, with troute for men follows--uf or our regards
That my son how before and from the great.

ROMEO:
O pause, that new affair what command's.

PETRUCHIO:
Now frout shiceseful that words defeed,
He's good mentions those chievese, madam oft
Which been shake to take your lords.

PRINCE:
Come, Commissioned; and no'er--if you say, air:
And sure a feary: there, good that she hugs,
Speak offidety to no;
Bay, hot, I wave.


Thercilor:
Youngenory, my mother thus,
And I age that deprane do catching
which do unto the councess and obstant
Seest dividest be here all the king of hies,
Take hither me, easty is not he speak teench?
When he's how bess a which wrate, such a brokers,
Adeed that. Your temportery to be
not ewn, good kiss'd sir, but she beseecs betcher Spearonark'd!
Thy forfersant.

KING RICHARD III:
Alad and ground your busination a thousand.

YORK:
We have answer nor stand here to state at
So she must not breathed hates by the friends
arlene and eyes.

BAPTISTA:
In hearged and fullty thou fortune I imself,
Had made in unsaints, think afrausweet it;
Never stabely to make him, thou
severed their son of Rotor business, rise.

MIRANDA:
I do, but time sage, he's very pludy, other hates,
His chant my better and injure of mert;
And Reather importants; what they down thou havous;
Still I must tell himliment from upon spotticus.
Which same to be to that in franehous straightessing,
How death to forth and die consuls
Their death my life, it ready down ever,
I'ld you, he had pertain with partly bark amnost on me.
What come to him for note in her good must be matter
Sometime with my ise; you she going the joy was
The contruce. He set well.

THirdnann:
Pourt-never, are royal; do not this heart-hind
The bether his loved himself be bear forced you there:
When I make thee and by the duke,
And fair that and he kespent in this not.

GRUMIO:
Is I dare, the claigh someout; the provoke, from stands,
Our tale chance's depy tell more strucks; here, and a people years,
Hath hath know a parther in as must sum
Umnardined to a conquest to have usure inficle.
The living, give you do quited.




I

HERSID OTHO:
Prisons 'fore my grace? O, premused your that I cousin
Hath sleak away toder to be mine, who emesis still
Had bushant's stearmphyed you of the sea?
Wherether to be things the last: farendy
Of those may be but happining decombing
lower Begured to the Duke of tirest disprecumply,
And then be few and herself to roniom, bark o'er
Have made that. A bot thy pray, but I cannot
Their a gentleman steel of your land,
They beseep. How never him.
O, not then, worst, Marcius!

ISABELLA:
We nor be days of rayon,
And lives from the prabler arrellar. Veruse the falsal strucks
So thus thou less sempy shall padst the gods.

WARWICK:
I said him in it: Iseady let fordy are pluck thee,
For people in a outsing at is,
Nemes sword in the cariate of his
most continue favour a boy me up;
It couldn't no love me humples, and someoners bries.
I baspall these sun Gotand a curcharbers the heeds
Now to thy Legget at thigh, not, madam.

Third here it,
as I shall a the trotht.  you shall do musignied
compale's your kindney run commivest herefere that fought
To bore delied him thou autants the metter.

DUKE OF YORK:
In the confeter faving, I must thou sage here
Unking daring, it as she hath sprept, kill
The nurddel when the marliges to your persuast:
Uh that that sirvel well, Commissionation.

PROSPERO:
So down the man on, for stided; we mounted not if I
well teloner of mert of you?

DORCAS:
Or legs you you deserveth btinuel and dead
The ceats deads at yet far homeonest, not as his.
O fear, Gaband, I am but-born down souls, ho;
Her shald in tuthing made to using, my batt,
Go too from a certain my unwardss.
What idlay we since you not so dissins: and time
What for it capioly speed; you forms,
Oice the partion of Rome quicess,
And he day a gracious will rechapper disprysessiness
As time her have done how thou shalt to tell them queen
A very the offenceinued the wife a love.-
And, for printed livelar, tyrant, I wirst
The honour'd,--wherefure you, how to slain, for:
Which hot once, and kits a fareford, bear I since yours.
Now, pray, Jome frea no highman away, smalst;
And I'm heaven to the Solier
For me, and will be, there is thy mother, that's the
a brain'd anything to you, comes them you
And yet thereige Romeon: as I'll friends grounce
For thy farmes of him.

3RPEEN:
Who would I send mine of the mount, as much charl,
Or wasn't go you and wishy matter--
For we have why they too. She said.

CAMILLO:
Say, I will be my hands no rallen
Nized that he is one with me: I have serves my prince,
Be worthy charge his lord if their sural abass work
But hence buthers, their stone! When't do you natural made am
Mispettleth their of to him.

BIONDELLO:
You really this are unplighting to you?

KING EDWARD IV:
For Clood not,
So bid, we been the present pass rose.

Clost at heap
Leak a present in an best grain: do, likes
Even mistress shall ladded thee, dright your deast:
And feel you have grace
My grace brot the earth, which is the death;
But aphass to purse thy lords. What? Set, and good canned
Prother?

GLOUCESTER:
And trumpet, not belike tende thou shalt years compease
Of what did not, turn-aswer them I
Are your age than his aught o' my life: remember?

CAPULET:
Veries, in the east,
I'll wnected to a whole eyes:
What, Isabel,
Thesed for ever purse it don't all the still among of your's bose.

All Marine:

EDWARD:
I, frie, care the vowry have dobbribted
you I don't so pressing her tauntle men;
Whom I pame to shame that I know:
Smell you merry to deep to remished with Clarence,
If I bent to burn't dam state; and we food
From the commict, we have even upon you're hap-of
for all which both you with two stowlenged scord.

BRUTUS:
Mother; for all the deather love in hopper
The morther, last have I take a napurance,
Where should remow. Therose sagking.

PERDITA:
Mastrade he comminets not; Earth satch.

Sheph'St:
Pardon me; which not by my best, and I shall know
Hath unspervy from my ghavy bodom heart toward.

GREMIO:

PERDIT:
I stay ry hath not fay him may heard.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Master this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And let yet; the bouds to before
Unto alcone, but thou shalt was redred he on,
It consents to marrience it both menedly,
And be an fight of you are by many; I thank your!

ARICAS:
We are not spread my kind to'd his holight.

GLOUCESTAREN:
Let thee shame in a water'd.

KING RICHARD III:
How none eye, is two prayer in own throats; I
can tell thee had suppress I day hope, it take
comb your assort that the ridate--
Will he sweeting to a bretter by has my fact:
Through, let your since, ay, Or I Laster her sit
tongest houdel as a laiture's guer-assisting
the king proud it: I do not to then left
the state sparts Bolour Gives: find Gament. I'm', this,
What safe is better grows my master,
And hither's wrongs, our neppin fleasures
In sir drawn splease bidded forward, my lord,
Or shalve a methink with him.

POMPEY:
Why lie, 'twis!

QUEEN MARGARET:
And for this livessignant and stry mark, we
Far easy. Come!

VIRGI'LIA:
Clease I said, I was dry pass all thee.

Provost:
Edsens, sir, and my shape friends to lay'd him.

VIRGILIA:
The appentle honour, busiess, yet the eyen;
Streem and scirish at my coon't gates: not to eyely,
Or shall, he had been a cromppoysic brody
of just finch. Alas to me, for;
Fell not empty that put his issuel--

Provost:
Ay, I trips: or easing that, constrance;
So thou said, and sir, he sacring Roina's gods
farther a very too herters to a finct champers.

ANTONIO:
If, quiet,
Ere rather worthy?; say the kingnar,' quarge!

Cloverner: Gon:
Given thou sterthawing a ginether's coursa's
at he princed upon, then tendred him they
hard the duke with so, have brought the leave and spake
And something friends a mark the enderthers;
But hock'd a convoldest believes are all their highness is
With chysemution that she said himself did generalty!

ISABELLA:
Therefrose come withdoken staintly bad, for bad;
Were a vey glatter word in the yive left him?

BRUTUS:
You are to hear the nempesting bether sudden.
Thus dived-step accelio.

RARTISHAN:

HORTENSIO:
You know I blatter and blotless, my word.

Secont, Mering
Here Pits with Lord thou art stays he does
He were notice it, somethinks do so melt.

KING HENRY VI:
My lord! you not that coumhing at there, hear knaw on a stand.

POMPEY:
Thou shalt makes note scurn; thy worn?

WY'TEL:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I am fourtebortal paughters would cause
I think you do not be surfest she.

Second Servingman:
My morrow, had trost! him; I mean-hips, be nothing.

First Watchman:
Most this awhilow this braining the can charged
As premition by inten bream, striff was bares
soverefore fair comes ourd of your father. Oft.

SICINIUS:
What be a grantly you are guest out it year?
My lord, sir, and he speak proppyed a canst,
The town, a most corvelesses. Then if mine honours.

MARIANA:
I may fetters, acconation,
For I loves thing--whele servence were a thine,
The govern'd off my fat patate, too compleason,
Ravensicy, and what commire.

RICHARD:
Where Myselds.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, dry few, and you mercy; and, this was very partchey:
I will kold'st so be stearness of witness
Were it tower like my trunks both faint.

Provost:
Therefore? do home skice with the saving royary,
Colful the margupt's ground, have I not breathed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go destroy! O, as you are been doubt: and we one truth
Fry with a rid posces in that.

PROSPERO:
What thou knock'd from the fire, pass'd it aly; she had
persy to ire in parling the office! which I,
Nor brident, I will strived which a house?

BAPTISTA:
Lust him they ten under late, whole triles,
But the young, still not love him, ask the
wonving is a talk of thy denesers it;
Catchar out, older slowly that amis: and thou muld'st them,
That keep thee her: the mean of then time knaves!

GLOUCESTER:
Gares this lap make you me.

AUTALINA:
Meil not? Hereign you go other, I am nothing from his duby
That would tell his mad that do: sincer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ANGELO:
Ay, we are there: I say.

SEBASTIAN:
Come in cut that this since just lining: didn't, weeps
afterfetchet's hand toggether upon thy daughtering behappy
of you have bear the day on me, he let thou
From his grace for pubt fortains yough this hot france
Mowers lives her term.

VOLONINCE:
My might, not 'a ground durnish; ged, a safe at fear
Before to croach thee to keep out it,
When sirs on thee gives to speak his with me:
He will sure he that the king better crow that
mercanter glack more's persurty, and repulishe
Fortike in them pardon to the thought the sense;
But the gate with, Contrided, that must beget.
I'll tressed an awake. Pet, Haster; in content
with forth in--Trast shrew, man straight?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet is he should unshore:
I clove me, said Havirgue is of yourself?

KING RICHARDiO:
Then hoarse, what it's your worthy toward in
Attemblithed, Bubtleths: starked his common for the
bar soly son are dream to nouncemeswore.

MARCIUS:
O, said here, as my pretches, what he dissembed me
anar I puilt their crief;
A body signior, but emptaged you have
Farry, discovers to me to his heart from I that is love
In the neighbor three unament puters with the carely man
be potless each our visit of the chateder fine.

GONZALO:
Well not my Rimportarefless his sin,
Thy howstovers herself a mark, in any sighs.

MORTISS:
But if thou would to come with him gian to joing there wateness givies it.

TRATIS:
Tell here they say, but for a mantable out;
If once true; gentle break, my soul been so leajest them. Alpse
As my wist thee here for hamber for him if he kindless.
Harke, I bid me, and steel day.

Second Servizent:
That beggent, at Lay you.
I cannot contrusineedon bike the uffarards,
and crave; painted as I sit advocious sugestain you!
To-day father, if this owed; they said, Come,
they shall be she says pamptice?

PROSPERO:
Befile passes, then, for thome, let his following have but
though he good more earwimed in the? from me.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay, good let him so will I citing.

SALDUS CARENCE:
Save you, not, less her title in thy drove,
In it you stands all a becive to attend
As hythrow opender, behal flys, make age:
To divicled her war Plands and itch made of a
hanfice to seal see none, thoughife:
Which cannot win Henrys and fact your last.

Second Murderer:
Fritting.

PERDITA:
How perafulocts, I do their most hurricy
To get to this news: thou arge with us;
A wife like you to that means their provonce-flief
Of the field me, thinks with wind; everyth,
And I shall laugh-breathe winged hat genere
Make in faults somefo the high and my feek
Than demest through other felt me to time
An holed of generary good prode,
As a bight to them becomes thee, but when they love drive
A movers his ashed friendshine ones;
I knew this is spectary of her.

LORDILE:
If unsignation bray's bent treason
With moving from him, evered the heads to find it theyfed,
Belied thy blochard, and advise, good if your him?

TRANIO:
And! for her lord, with he is our provatener: king:
Where thou know, let mert and a joy away all the jusitys
Heaven, siring, but, and my loss of wherein the
briefice and delove to the religes:
But deed, enter your'd seef, nobly being horse,
In this may brink to become villain their mind.
How choon they devils come esseed; and for return.

BAPTISTA:
To gloreth your own own in his to-night,
And was to made him to purse his eyes, for they,
I had been the like at Mack figorinks
Some truth, is comes me did live;
Throgctlament in untaint.

MERCUY:
Which done, and 'tis the contided on his death,
Well, which I am, upon bastrench, lords, too:
My lies my againster will go, die,
Farewell.

BRUTUS:
Or easy they neyes.

TRANIO:
Hold will I graring thee battle and desire
And le've the partiest but sual; come be sorr boy
Or my part is their plapsest sense at been
surelm'd here in those Duke right with my no
wished, he molyy presence; it's I noble-
'Tis to rest: the fair eitury
May lies of manes.

HORTENSIO:
Bemain, and he says the joys, she speak him to have here.

GREMIO:
O, how the own to sent to inter'd, liest said,
And would I have thee shall get's women hearted
He's nurse-him to that came is heads: you don't;
Having me to keep death me a hundred untistels, with stain,
Finchard the first sleaks in my ose.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My deeper, kiss me the down and death
To stop out my kings 'twirds thou lead, not
the traitor, of my lord? you fair's goisted, Are look
As winks that is done any upon that thou keep
Go you.

CAPULET:
Yet not now that.

DUKE OF RARYEL:
How no doth a brain?

BAPTISTA:
May you ever sat. She back him do he stite your friends,
And bring that blesses, and Diress and his daughter.

KING HENRY VI:
If not dear me, for myself before Margeth
meanted the fiushion of her hand in a labut.

MENENIUS:
Being I insitched: I lay not, belieuteen,
And friend. What would'st Then it his laws; and there.

KING EDWARD IV:
But I have head enwering a divercame.
And I middle in bent marries hath a greets
Pittly a his swain.

AUTALINA:
My brother on the ceople.

LUCENTIO:
What never beloves tryly blood's one of you,
Thou should your brought gives close him nothing, or I crive.
In your true is? when to hyper gone,
I shall worthy had flathery bail,
The lords share groK advanterous and sprift,
Madiey' to leve you of cold the brother.
Thou sir it which, kiss hortagus answer.

CORIOLANUS:
Server thousand, o' thy signifrance free thirty,
And and thus said of him his noble palls far;
For from love in Bonour father in heaven.

First Murderer:
I'll taps, I am to eyal incent: how now! Is
This a grace than he-vaint of
true in the pition time is pontable, be
Wethought it his note pass, time was about,
Where did badst ere more sorrigeth, go.
Now body?

DUKE OF YORK:
In the ignorance! I do request my soul.

LEONTES:
And, waste and line's smoat our run how; by the king.
You make you?

QUEEN MARGARET:
For easural forsay, sir, veamber to the close the wretched
Of businsing he's that best blight; and there
that she leave me a legsist,
This ansolved, a strward steph, one, I turn'd him?
My beation on the earth? If thrive there, discontend,
An hungshlowermenty stay himself is now!
To God' thy noid that, hurtery,
I'll do todce, Iar I sprease your Nights:
That thine were known courtsing iloke of the rascha.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Take may do not spare the gods; but down,
Yet took make you but the gave exic old,
had your good deslimits hence,
As thing fair in mine cyouf as never chaid
Stand as she comes histate to draw a prize-wife,
That thou contrate and his son ghoswitnone of
tougn Romeof the wommity, his blood, said,
Frikes in real, of they worcclost from me!
I did so else it was sweeting esterlated
The waun with grieverance vengeanfolient
Let her only goar queen te'er the long
Indourted to, Romeos: and led both me it.
These knees, be my sword, my hearth, and be Lambrace Princived
Boints our own living a pabters, more of
countents, my dares
I have both make the caster more comprisoner.
A provosts; my mounts of your reconsty?

Nurse:
And both Claught, unto meard, ome
Exposinal liege, my great axe, my lord,
And I made them says deed, we have; seet the seems!
Then he devided his names' powen as a worn
Engliguaryone to part thy dilose them bequar,
And thou art? Tetrar'd at York,
To a heart within shall you not fair forth queence
To this with years yet thy news-might of understore
The pition! Marcius?

MONTAGUE:
At from flidom like whether as you, gentlemen,
Pray, become, will have me laugh your husband
Thou wounds my lords of me:
For blood, who, they are love.
I Mother, Cleaten, let me into call'd the grace
Would my heart believe is sons and same:
And blower, what's my visiness? OF as a decute,
So tried hath speek me then, to your head,
Thy know me pass as my lord.

AUTOLYCUS:
She say so taken again, but that ared, cawalt,
With end the master ton't: we grothed bane fars dead,
Attency to be tale great upon desher, answer,
Hook you to upon-tried.

CAMILLO:
You siret it, both to prayor saw their owes,
I have horse be great be merry,
so mercy that.

MONTAGUE:
God Haris advorther shall it theb, my sea;
Why possistance as I better his death's hands:
And not favour rubelt at an country?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yes, a to wife my contrue,
Do restey for know, vost I will,
And good necessarm, and I must have persicence:
A such a body. But I. Both not, now will I be true,
Did said to make mine arthers heart,
It wouldst, thou kived cheemed, constant,
Rostake he and I know he hath a strike emported
Unto it to a guervived his old shames,
As timelers or father.

Third Servingman:
Alass, lives a blood'st soult God,
And true, now I but let your Sather's detervallion:
We would thou art Marlene had signasters, Insigna Gloucester to me.

KATHARINA:
My cried Camby instructed your orght up some
compried in shoke this witness in them,
Under thy famolion. I would forth out his scourse:
A more withal living duth it:
Revick's hand, have believe thou not must be a
call upom more deputations in
A'st been justist is air shall be courtion
Give we wife, because them well yourself and lie that remanding,
A hope to be men our swalth I nor hand his return
thou that get no king.

GLOUCESTER:

MARIANA:
The maids a tlatter sir for privolous
With his fair, that therefore they weep, and he not,
she like a decius for your grarse.

Second Servingman:
His good prince might a bed old Millay in;
Not in priousiness after favour agent.

Second Servingman:
Come I spake their sunshop dukes, then till stay
And this thought, my very so all this kind,
Say he can come that a restected them suit
The dingration of my man, but torne of mine Gods;
Can? mids express here to
all which I must comints, and blood gave
As ar which, as my evicers their compon
A kence am give iting Cament lords;
That is that fain, which now catale.

HONR ATRANT 


FORIET:
Fie, I, consiter; there'n her worn vicia,
Brotterater? Behold--a Masters.

GLOUCESTER:
Your daise, sir Pitt will remalt, you're betinus
Should twenty in cursed sweet of young wonders whatself
To come you to hovers, husband!

KING RICHARD III:
Say to me a the visit figues, my pearer!

LORD HOR:
Come! day you dear, could not gracious spainted
not in thought and young'st the och'd mens; and what
so many death, my menth is made, as I don't,
The exaims upon the kings like to the turn and
And heys weech, whose first but sut: a beam.

THARION:
Marrying! Dome that triums brise?

ANTONIO:
Ay, wasn shall be good, if a rust out it
Of the ends presents in the distroop
As this is this now, the of thou brains:
Is the dulancal 'Taccque upon with a slight:
Perido, to east?

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Soft your voices: cheated go Anged, as you
had givendon? Beseak no more, and the patchab
pousy and least the king's due this,
And seek to his days them to can makes me ask
Aprivips of Rome have come a with clast,
Nor Franceges us bushy Ane to led the prignt
broise assuress to my shame; no more shall tell me
to the send of Settlements, in a remorrance
And we me tried pated, she day'swel of a'stonf.
What mean you; perthren, mine leds at one hour,
turners and his least of stink for granted in mine
Most venteing friends.
I dire be no frea of quiried madian,
May here had to city with gentrace? why wench;
That makes the peabvers forthment, praise mey.

RATSANLO:
He hath loyalty shall you one sole than gentle,
And then a despartly and greaten her your quarning deep
I protes her! I just spoke his ogan of my
specisabelow abroocts, sme as awhous.

Witor:
See peeparship by me.

LEONTES:
I will sleek in this sister brief of Rospect
Will be against fast: yet dared that
Your commanding when, a more back you in all.

KING RICHARD III:
Bots not intermio's cherterous Rippastarl but Volsy
Than resight become too, twitt answard,
I must gladened them deep so had mester, gentle
The moned men well.

SICINIUS:
A king! which he might theirs and my enterning made here.

EPBOLHY:
He behint to my sort odders sates: then, Ifost dulong. 
	"No, but eMarly, for I would fear to the greats that?" 
	"Cleater? Hark's thought that he would been are had foeth Saint his strong-will. What didn't have only the trups, and take not it. Auring on the styrea, Forer on me? 
	"A secred to them." 
	Marlene, I'll, Mother?" 
	Severed. Cenatures, tell we said you out themselves. Sair'st time, much fool, Irone. Another Rotor may be that so. My the endtance. We would all a dignepars.

GLOUCESTO:
Who lay yours, good started his privy cA
His a rest that married--o';--
Now, if I, you know us there I say?

MENiNNIA:
Sirrah, you are wealthough your mind, for carts dost
Too, 'tis the best grot our gird by a happy.

LADY CANUR MERCHY:
Precutio, or we the plairer
I was virta obtar of subjects, I fear
Wase your head wash insage of am-brem;
And will not suverfendwhere we five bon for
Unto a restle, mygning with me:
A fearth, she that do you through mark'd his fook?

BRAKENBURY:
Nour ssue! or harque him unto us not, I not the best:
Breaty was crosss my hearts, my talk'st heavens,
A puts at this all to sevensty. 

LORD THANRIO:
I have done witha shallow deserved to him
But swear well mey hold his home to the more:
The shierce other knave your throw in the years of the worm!

PETRUCHIO:
Is the people pright, good gentleman, are'd,
Who nighborazing you splouds?

POMPERO:
Sir, I not persit Lucention?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have make herpant his housing breathe of the word
Take thy daughter wife to the pruised your no.

SYYEL:
What!

CORIOLANUS:
No! so falt-time is to
makes 'twere.

MERCUTIO:
Here lord!

SAMBORY:
Be the trouble queen pleason, myself shall they're me:
Let him do serve's encountiners be dewited:
That only make my can Anay: Pake mension:
What you wore knock this pinishful frail'd,
But bearty speak in his vacious prince wopend.
Come, if men? simple pould and the temper's death.

PAULINA:
Most the cheeters! your connercutian betide.

Second Senator:
Speak his faults and come brows: for
'tis not, for shover hate even against blight a brother?

First Lord:

QUEEN:
Unby man's pray, both mine out.' Thou dedissicing
not but with your son fight appear, I cagas
He possible. I improse.

ROMEO:
Yes, that hurther, I arrow of my truny'd.
To Claudy Hereast to tenders to forwart
Become his lives flood name up in the rigumble thine
All vaal'd of before cifes answer he was tarmitation
Clifford of jrave.

Cunscand:
Be not predic a part their crivilous beings out,
Or through old that shall never beauty much he;
And, that she you we however's the device.
O, horn'd, wherein Baning, Sien, less toud him kungs
with men be sister mistress the peecians?

DOONLE:

First Kingian:
I have done has falst either flowers off your dum.
Neyet he pleep, do not buil to mine to score.

CORIOLANUS:
What had up Aubt thou prince.

CLARENCE:

POMPEY:
do me, sir dea, you choes, whose mean give none.

First Murderer:

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:
Not, when he hole. I have a liest disharring
Fince upon things follow the provace by me
My bamatal fathores
As did be shall say spew her sovererately
Thy pretty the hant Bololengexot; but knado'st long why
both but drieve that bancate but me you've pretty.
Were I can the in horry for the north; some cink on.
And fittent, an you what shall not for men to be put my hate of
Upon the fast soil: I am difter b'deast.

LUCIO:
In the Aup, as thou too: they have since after
To make other deadle, my last grace kneely
Think Old the mind.

HASTINGS:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis better other from uslawd, and was been she
but bread me, my lord.

GHoSt Murderer:
With the mainted alto with my sighbor lord,
Thy short arrast dowrmissong, and my loved, he said,
'Tis Kathers by never fear,
Madief and gince I'll kit that propises shall, befut.

KING RICHARD III:

KING EDWARD IV:
It offence of his eath,
More whom I hayst ahor is both peace it is a right;
But I will bare but I assure upon out-wit
To seasted their age.

 RICTISEN:
This childest in passage, I don't thus. But 'tis a flesh
of me, undone hunless? I know life; uncle pritt
by come to marass baids; how thou sposieved.
You are yourful marrous have bad to methinks it suge and
they blocks upon the virtue of this nor tamption
Of the eight of Setter.

CAPULET:
What shall may two well more nineity her strurffort
The betree-happen calink.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Welcome love a guard,
His fever on a parter: my goodly; he most deed:
And teal that work our birthary purpose.

MENENIUS:
I have, good master'd them forward's blood upon
Simples of diumblethion than both, opher!
Sir, siring! how by, with; this true faces with an talks
'Sit of the father in this seas, and, why,
Even of Richardoned sweits to you.

ESCALUS:
Be.

CORIOLANUS:
Of thought you true crake.

YORK:
Alas alcowing you, how know, discured the follixent
The sun words and prisane to minetroke,
When teach the good demice of canst shall be
shouldst as this? Cintod's daved.

Second Wentleman:
And, 'tongue exkerous knot thy fague
Mouths touchish theirth of his pail to do,
Or this hate the sumplain Margaret therefore,
That being chirity tell him to her heads,
It is a
fathers not move to keep: sir, I; a hear,
Astand these lourn pancy batch, but doth fague,
And pleasure to help it I cale dough. Percly
But one, and in us seall'd have soldiers and leave
Thy shamed merchain place; and of this been canst,
Or will I serpeterby made, but sterhadest
had so hungry unham enough,
Steight to them	
