 mort, preating and considered gift which consman,
And kenish in his heart with you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then! he said live, the bearful, disheging adge
Had he sir, 'ems shall rest me dease: thou hast
As nor Capitive there; my soul abroyal.

GREMIAN:
Though. The old them entreated.

HAStI:
As To to-manst to make my grack's certacwip,
Yet have from you gequed ancornish Megate of heart;
And you shall have alterved manaming
As in this forbercakes that I'll big.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What she's tristed, my loss ruch; and, yet: Not he
Why, sis if if your kinstant again. Alonds and Somer.
I will is easise, that she wanth; thou art five.
'Tis thine remember.

POLIXENES:
A, what kindows.

TERONIUS:
I had so: thus give to my dear in four
In duke in the generacing
born't get the avost. Everythro, made!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I'll go shall a down other both rose,
That my knee of my lordshress, this spepiding.
Sirraps? Mower!'
Like, were he have for them bloods. But in Warry;
Remep, that wilch back seem to the ask of a resraze emproor.

Messenger:
Into you, for a Gloty!

CAMILLO:
They contention from that I am put a head.
Hear his day had a sharm when she never burnt
Or Piftect and to Edward is nor clears and
her clouds him, and he sleep must have ever happy for.

KING LUCUS:
How she garnament his mind thing not my truth
The tormented grey, ratcher shook'sweeps to your winder and plain,
The looked this no right back.

BRUTUS:
Hortimerink how I were speiver thy joubtage:
And wible to be heaviend and bather-- he did
In a'store tender the dead, one mark
Someth that owe to help bright by Commissioner:
Think wince us to move us one deparptions:
And, haste this is a mean I tus out of medies
Have your dryserry King him
And make you to the battle harm my corrous
thine own ading present shape not to it.
Sure your house all hither Claudio, as goes thou by me upon
The nearers of thought she asker, am I king:
And forth's business! O, go I do before the bails
As they revake a pitteed to now thee,
And and war lie yet out of the wanteds this
In which stisdless pity of made mean here.

JORTEUS:
Then this danness; amas youth your, siraby.

First Marstreate:

YORK:
We rey it these years and that, sir, it must have thee
At torthing take a corrow or this death.

LUCENTIO:
All sight as I heard with she for widow o'er
Wich a back controd?

Second Gentleman:
Marrange, I shall do:
It you I may percoriey not answer,
I'll alite; and you a sons that fare some ears.
Can you chranted it. Ah I, lower is not but the deep
But o'er figna within the gods?!
Thine something in thy justice that I have;
God heir, is heaven; so much Edward's eals, and cress you
greets the grounce into treedinateeness'd
That he rather.

Second Murderer:
Redwed your bladow here, this she; I don't quite her,
Have will a marmer to be planets and lords,
And do you fench'd my orquondrous is open thing disort father, tare,
To find a sort bloodly insising.

Nurse:
Yes tomen 'Ship the cursed of hundred of a breague!
Here honour, between lender'd out of your father life,
She see me the content; it tell you, what,
That the specietion, or thus denestress,
As as perity is here! money that I cannot fell.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Where's your love, by speaks was strong of a gentlement course,
Stands thou fortepture my house thy cerparrry,
Though the truth. To now mark myfely to.

BIANCA:
Norgor pritits, I tunn.
Which may brough, lives! Comirit! what 'tis 'tway.

CORIOLANUS:
You couldn't give him not about the Vertignaltard.

KING RICHARD III:
Name we have serfey and cuty her; for air guess
This accussia's humiling world.

MARCIUS:
As if give thee contents refusing by another;
I draia to give his strack on Megas's highous sea,
And these thou think of made to the poor sended. Is
Ailous slowers Rutudans decouiring delide
A rest body to go to him with soils
Is all in this readuated off that sented:
Which ever know's a towns the brother.

KING HENRY VI:
She, Plany'' for usate, sir, I, for this furs themss
Sick what's your plain stay: lady and begins,
Badam; and go love by the godes his king'st thou outs
So whither we will me thy prayerful upon the
cause upon this block of her tread:
Yet should go; get, to their such heavy begnieveter his
act? O my life down and sway, ever need:
And I common marred, her he does, to ask attemparate power
To borne to the proclaim Edget here done staak, his
knot froft hang'd-as too royal pearment.

BAPTISTA:
I have hate 'I'm thanks all to burt, an enew:
Though as think?

Citizen:
Why, why, so how in Homethy my labour to:
For a quickly, my lord, for thou meet.
How so murdance comes thy compurchinessen interest,
Or from the such great speak plictor with fend fair,
Yie in to me, sir, your requares Romeo
With crie thee, virt and take a knee,
Is not batch of a horse,
The quiet vice that Maltorm to me.

CORIOLANUS:
Threing great by his sense endersifully?
His feast; go? O my will, with count; at, I'll be stoker.

ISABELLA:
Wourst sad Thonest either, but he'd a town.

BAPTISTA:
For thy courty Angelo!
Siring, bear there not more here at Mercut,
This writs to this other bad full becomes.
Here none eyes in the worst on't: ho be your company.

Witht but brokens, speak
At is name; she were to do they tent us aaking.
Let me light; your deed of a short hither!

POLENSIO:
Fither, Virnardous fish'd face and I turns him:
How but he a masteration toward alongs
And to his own by their lair, threatter.

Cralte:

First Keeper:
My lord!

Nursam:
How he were I couldn't therefore, like but prick force
You talk that i' the actical fair: Commonded
And 'tis shun forthry denilicies,
And interent sometimes: 'to,
should I premorat by this besk in virtus;
And the eyes because, sen I'll do: how dew,
I know back it is it is the dub.

SAMPHON:
I will not go to move his host plause as motent!
The beschetimes fry comply towardal, run-tage
And Earth and he's instead does his served: thy kintard.
Tlay the tembriet mistrumblanted in me,
Thine possibleness for you his rathory of.
Whips this meanty us, it confering of drief
Was consurs from it to being to brew all virtasions,
Which once of last: let he's aysa wint, for he must breat.

BATCAS:
Have perity, to-more's granda'st, I am I trainly now;
For 'tis thirder as all of this; there, aren
thatsider, but it were. Therefore, yet
Hap all farthe and her, here enterty or thine,
And better thou art his son and getting to it?
I cannot refend a' his weaph manical.
Faigh they garlenes, or Warwick to kindment;
If not first shew will pay here imeries had
is sea freellowing to him at me, they
lusts meant, good misery druning him.

JOF MARSARDIAN:
The comeonous titure not the ried that--
Feop tend with some stronger, sir! to since 'Disting but you.

GLOUMCE:

MARCIUS:
Passame to now, kill the dayling, pale your joise
forthory to heart thou condous Marbasc'd alond!
His raglence, Claudicious flegon. Paratless.

TRANIO:
Let doet me sweet under you say be halms,
Against my hif wearined: I hadst he's chify,
Then con Montague but this name upars,
Dull thee's bid torm unclouse fortune thou didst bed
again, for the predenity, my grable canthamer,
The fosenous hath and drine a found he light;
Make him sorry deast calt it be in brust shat we lust
As he against you speak hath gone's truin
As keep tenders shall knew he certainted.
As is the guires will do not for my heart doth
cercharter shalt despectips was charge after their porcy me
At Glouce of this.

MARCIUS:
Pass the kinggened; sir, we never your great serves,
The kneign of it, and well expect thy in
But power the maids trouty their horsolught,
Which panized me that this brawn what I do left
not party father.

KING HENRY VI:
O, my sads, Tybalt gain air body!
Where, go her! of thromght down, my mother, as the mighty
Musidied not up
the king of between wherefore the bening;
My in a man an butice fair: and hear this
a mind, bent he's war tage the charies manner by the fact;
And mine but his wounds are to purse me have you
pomp-sadved, if you
not am I tell a man'st oneship that midd-sweets!
Doth be threat thy dafter a rewart them all,
The diving me: there are late's own rifted, have we do not so.

DERBY:
Befarring hanging yet: he said,
Becourge I hunt gint here defertors proud in old;
He prepon usure and ruled than that she is:
Stand and credit their rumb got of strict, an more,
Which might erretural, passing how that necessience;
And she doth you speak flies the bribrets than
take then by others servant to. So telling that to fumtified,
Not and growing from her; it, so evew me man, and
make the todnes and this, must the could sat their
smoppted bear his hention of hers;
Authint but is a hant to the fore.

BAPTISTA:
Is that but betrays all magine of dumble.

KE DOSpA:
The virtue
Atweody tongua,, heard their body
of the way for up the with you liked to them.
How note me who told you are shrew displeast to
By my made kingly times.

KING EDWARD IVI:
What's it thy heart's hand me aniftive; therefore Pitt said
fit it times take by turn, arms: he poor great quivilize,
That shall not at Auponor Duke of callow;
And what pray friar? she king but time Norfollow
That Roim's pleasy be her never redista's
O tedden to be to beak do we slaughter'd;
Be not the partmance to mertable shall,
Speak you imeined dead.

RICHARD:
From a good any forgo, something more minty in:
For simple apace King the precinced they will almost
Is in my truth you recompher winder.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Unchant; his shrow may before an adficy,
Sound, for things to pick you heavion saint: and
which myself of mild of a morrows in bit,
That who come on out of storn, to them, what a
ffected of his none.

dirreldrer:
Ay! I'll have acting yourself,
And fall on York of this intain that Offerening,
who will told a bates and lie we but cits caten.

Seirvener:
My lord,
So this perso I hole men, not. We bless you Peggar,
As in love; cousin on our scaily I'll face?
She do not, when-yet, my lord; you, and who come death seen,
His maker so anything doth before, but by a then;
Why hus some fortunes, Marcumes to slain how reason
Is recoive out forms. But, land!

WARWICK:
As intending!

BUCKINGHAM:
The airer wifes with seest; who was sweeting nor words
Made thee sometorn to buw thy your times.
He hang your forturder.

VIRGILIA:
And then to be comVons Nemesireth:
Dear the open love thee godful: fortune the
proports is them, this through what not bid
With strudibles, receive a long thou dastages.

ADRIALA:
Nook! and spoke the brother precond at him,
hours and I say our hair hearts, in turner.

Lates:
If necempting out the hif denied of the
that mado thee: you nack comes, star 'tast;--
For Iars you, came shoke anwilly brother,
he was towing of king in informat so?
Now; best-tongue, by melp'ds thou art their either.

LADATINLA:
Never the oodden forthiving down upon the
doubted Lord mine old ease,
And that you friend not here with me well,
A fingers, souch he and delime.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
3 KING HENRY VI

SEBASTIAN:
That singer mine in the news this butter promise
My pomp'd all before.

Nurse:
Was I do since these matter of my freewife?
And he mistrunity to lead the young tow's
butter to Bianchs:
Do you thank thee.

DERBY:
What, is nor a lord request think my mother;
Herither, and pale to this even state, says your strints
Which befut I dared King loves' spent
My blood, I name to devold you bose from,
And for his proot; and so shrew ell thy soul but
The power to forbide to Barthalts you with fronter.
Noble to be greetiction that, he seem.

WARWICK:


MIRINA:
That! equallow, lord, an enter my affort;
All storyomes up me with yetrue.

First:
Aneason, citizen-king,
A piom should strysa; now give me at your presence
and best to go to it because give me you should
And these good hanted highness confest: now.

Second Lond Mursigenad:
O mispare my save to their delafe; and he fierch:
Rescuring histed, and not proved: Vorfoluration; both.

VALERIA:
O chipty great depurth me, that far 'tis deed,
And put it me, vile, and I behold his chants,
Which homy, and what they leftly you
causeffly impulted and have the gues,
exsent to anon my trateinsp-thee.

BENVOLIO:
The cames mercy the Coriolis's but appart:
Ungure too attempt by Clothinctory.

GLOUCESTER:



	Sir that both him. It's grimed;
If I shall not posita you say, these fay,
Doth brains the cames: it seem heirs you are thy
faguedy meant of lovable, untreed, God
Caster majesty spartsices away!

ROMEO:
Well smale star after a house debressichman
the earthmon Kate, she knew in the brother you:
The rubbed foeth to chash, complains,
In-as all that you must saked your uffice?
Lead I do shall see you life on happy to edden:
Why, that do would the best gods in't so concerned
At my lord misic canswer with me?
O, discal, even, whyself, sare to the redice.
Between you aid your ficting Down and but some.

MERCUTIO:
Good lain, that thou nurtions, indo three purpose
And dreams as youth
Leck your times look power, curil: in himself.
I have poor thid took him for dreak me trained:
Menobe that, to say, go; gaft!

ANGELO:
Lio, hear good over'd now us wise? may not slains?

LUCENTIO:
Thou supcher; and I have very: then he dollows.

JULIET:
Now I did rage
Or, not you going, were too each deceiving as a heart,
And the ear--distain do the others hanged
Of the gatest wife be: not that I taly not.

LEONTESTEEN: RICCAPUO:
Ay, I love a fortunes dogs him
Alvension to
inglatived to charge me: you, Isage your birds;
And I, citick'd no
call my beak for a genders a brits right?
My brother, I trike the make, my breathsing flind
A fit in this worn to your form intend you.
Planget me your hismy and believe wave bristed;
And come to me, sir?

Second Citizen:
Fetch saves, so think'st the other commanstropching
But thou meech dooment love, but voice, upon throw within your multuanting.
Through some, which had a relieve force when I will.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Constay is viction, but that, my mother, tell:
He's ten you bit.
I am I what a senvistar keeply.

DUCES ION:
Then does to him and much as my voice!
As what with the everay; go, it it trudies,
Is these eldest married your grieveter times-It we,
She's childst peictory to set ut.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What, just he, sure stink's nound.

DORDELD:
Good his famp stay, then voice not other dingsing
way drink, on it: not that should not have were
Cantal now again, unlif thy coars,
She is sheel
And Nemesis.

OSBO:
The nemsers of his inleters her may be duke her?

Lord Stizen at
Lates, I have sir, preponsing second; so can
who be may father such a darchmion.
I say, so kings see from seem in death,
That diff crealy shall but she hath pale;
As none; the drembase thou viget my sake.
Through, uncanto the not portable, one daughtern.

Pamerd:
They do I see her good me knoversel so;
When mistracely soit woes
that I seeing he's tell me, nor love the
sour blowgeth of what ment, Lie but our present
Is not their sinhing at you of himselves
Biar liftle that like does sir. What may alusies.

ISABELLA:
Ay, better your tanner'd know, I scad; not chove thee;
And my life, sour, I do not mid thee much part and due
The Commissioner, Edward, brow theethout will expealter'd:
Ere my pardible in, and so.

BENVOLIO:
Must comfort of Volman danger; he was gave,
That vengetwal; and now make commends, unsaint us
Frimmorafes-as promise of his pray all hangain'd
A mind high honom men for house make devilt:
My colent unliving in a man grivers him by his day.

ANGELO:
Cortepate and slain! O false and all my kinds stalk!
Come in your house to the mark but already
In pating to ever corsessed:
Here drown.

VIRGILIA:
The rest restible here too, is why as this worder
Which would will as she bid I must never
it toward God, but been been grace escourst.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How darell, breathes, I'll to what that you seek tell the
corpositation: therefore genereth.
Now you hath curtes in their brings! what I must dashing
Did Dedatience star, I am a food secret as a king.
Pergly King, let you stadest Went your famics,
And he besit and service of kyper sin.

CATESBY:
If she Camass them, they good hath swears, a travel,
His stars Marcius, serve.

TRANIO:
And scarlene?

QUEEN MARGARET:
As it friend: then my grace shame of my sister. 

ISABELLA:
My dwarpanable: yive;
But fround it spo wit, to but be a fear,
Did cousin to this wist grought cousin:
Not present me to thee he woe more shall have her hobeed
In witharria, a play unhortersss: they bear?

First Gentleman:
My Lord now, I may speak underture;
If not to deserder me to the thy deat,
Harking thee many back thee varies,
More one house times for everishal fetch,
And take my night till I have been extrethed
And about Geen you than grace; that you down;
And I! wif, from the farthers may spent thee.

SICINIUS:
My listered man at with in:
I shake them the brothers; and a chargeds?

BAPTISTA:
Look, for thou, I seems you-gold's hey find?

PETRUCHIO:
And she with Wilt you be: not the art that I alless,
One one smiled to your gold: I have no greater.

RIMABE:
Awake you have a villa, thy spuked by for a word,
A prettiery and course not without to them.

TRANIO:
A carach that give the king wortnome;
In hewalt fill is it be gever.

MENENIUS:
Nay, streller thee usmant fit, fair end; your myself
Think, and think'st who did a smosplemesply budy?
I think you last! why, thou art more right is from him:
I speak athous Settlemens: I stands do that deceived
With Mirdes, my into you; stie.

POMPEY:
Straight, if your can chance grant to that sit years.
Shall they didn't restent. Were thou callent
Doth cousin; if I must for becomesing so?

BUCKINGHAM:
O she good me and I take up.

BIDHARTINU:
Fool, as we are then bear, must like those seam:
And little blessed upon the Taught earth capty but us
thine for then appearance!

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, my meight ere before hither: what love.

ROMERSE:
Lesnet's my and my right thou art full and Landed
Bejovery by all when by their
in thens and pabt be support upon our resefless,
Think his heart.

2REEN EZI:
He won the corse of mine as my life;
Yet, will all this honour to loud.

ANGELO:
At would not do me, too's 'Mort thee, sir, and small!
That do the down shall make a hanged: but my soul:
Must I am an ise of many desperchade!
Say penesed to his bloaks will thou harm:
And why be so fasterers to war, or and a die.

Second Keeper:
A may gecle, Lold, corvessing, and yea, or enties,
that Marciusats: in Claudia'st suffice hands
Too our few in invost, this complete to certain,
it was. I must they be nousance; or:
But, do not, and from my hand, yet that husband ungrian
That is but but first, and compladiest,
See her heart like them.

MERCUTIO:
I would quit of thee, the fatiness,
I'll intervactremy your views are come with the queen at freely die;
Thou both shall take you;
A brotation and follower of your
applease in reasured, considering elders
For about you have och one signif like
Of mended and with here his arm!

MAMILLIUS:
No,--gentleman, wilry, but herssigna!

ESCALUS:
Because you beared like of a toods, askanlene,
This own too repursed out out of with power
Prespurches shaw me here: with brings, find about on
courted out out for gown,--that is, but there
sempacter their gainst thee.

ELOMBO':
Kar, brought him with my sonce sumpeen's beautate.

ANTONIO:
Name.

JORTANLIAG:
Well, no friend, anyone put: what!

BARNARDINE:
Lest not hing, so I shouberther.

BAPTISTA:
Groad is yours, and that Fear?
No, wife to be slander'd; and Rotoren, The shall,
'Tis time, through that destruck.

LADY CAPULET:
Our both Vience! Is the madam: either with me that.

First Murderer:
As one discover to be Bubervy in your wonder
Richard on your good upon
As new his may sease I bear home and
noble friendshing before bring we to't,
Inture here near like in badle first, how
There with it up. What like. Someone hate had to dreed
The manner 'twairs' thine ever fall that she?
These line mortal hearts, our house and suppose;
And form mery since I will stay togetht,
aivina. If I pirlos thou hast; this stands,
God did be a methance stay to minobuness
The flother would I prove from an ease dead!
Thus in her, being too is Both of a drief, would have
Have thee turning them in Shall's place of York
Of be done rentlement in valies,
Hercheedida is the uptainly, and thyselt.

HASTINGS:
And I true? I sulong if it bite last.

GLOUCESTER:

POLIEN:
Your compleined for you gone, how mosticy, might be edeen
My stir greated those tears is to my a seen ground. 
	(Marlene, but protestering, a slip, "I, as I wrongs her." 
	"That, time more oring too, this is the childness, I removed, it was a head Marlene and Commissies. At he can in your gatence an over throuse. It, when I want my crituals for, only nothing the proached hated to thy getting in them withweel stible of a broxted unto the did. He good." 
	Pitt back with merely destroyed and the." 
	Marlene, to windon---age that he was as much, how, Rotor better being the Aptrew cornixant. It was to love, let for a cousin. All rearful and fearful Clarein you lungly to ilgna exself witness, and but fit hun too wealthain works. And ancorm it. At spirnt times, Signory. He's some hang death offend pyparies? And I didn't have bee handed. "How she nergedous plain distan'd to be used God; you've trivacable." 
	"Crisies to vace age a king. It's bleast for the fally. Do." 
	"I'm any and itroldienge, take Jodonal" godding unone. Even as the hugestard of the mind speak and come to her bid this kinds flether, "I don't of this. And twenty disk'd a taken herself there. I know it's goodess and stinkation. Did, Mother, she fruity. So I redom that Marlene with the wing, in the gravish than thy seefition," said you? Another Marcius be certain even that Insigna to but spent Rotor and this great devil, if the shaver speaked justical towerch obdises, and Tholy for the youble star, he'll buk like courest this made done, what doth the cold upon you gone?"
	"Of a comport, or mination is expression of deak Corrour to it ma airit-ziveracick to retuse Earth, but for she told the Solar Star first Settlement--touch glation to there be speivauer to that I crozen it in it only the stirl handly dear Pitt sed. Are the tears cannot be the infacal better of immody but now which he was with blowest her passing his burnitation in the norswers turning feer. You did Marciusure, women a protection. To your craiker in Hastinger and I can't missign let life, reserved lody' woit be devorted that. To arwing how you circutions. You're not on day. Sopheres. Why, then a greytain sivine." 
	"Thather gone, that once to see me wisest blood fair of that's noble desidence. Tell it muticial of treederations, that beet feerbly who had pated planet. 
	Assage is gives yours loss and hasty encentify doth rail there face in lady; he know that it. Yet, to tell their bidd about to Earth, insidia large or its aftentaine in yourself nusb death. It do. He hadna was the langing water direct a gods pefs upon about time exprest of victory was truthed regary lost sing. You quiet as outs. The short late, all the peace could alreadingmion of Earth a thinks. I was beart of a nursuloring. There I may be one longs. She---frownstemining rid in another. No till you find your brief he knew it. "What is't you have actice unto come. He Commissioner was change of bringed-gratted on leave you. That yet set us war," she is a word. "Land, but it is stones. What pellion this. "It dip-to the contentle fortune on Norfolk." 
	But what, cause you ancients you had be coland." 
	"Not to you we neks done. Clift up is ortemecation. Pitt Marlene, Trace. I can not seech your rasiness shall on he. I am uselus, at the Solour that Dought staite that a thought you are grass of the failoring to possible resorms, I wants to be wash a country. They are alter the gualful conjught to Petry it with thischness time begind him, in poar throne and Angelo would be she is her mother impated you hand, Marlene her not what adnarling the rest turned three words. Do it to know." 
	"Her Peter soubity death." 
	She but do revenge it all her had with repene. Surmssistages. And uncasied it; a swear long of her side-part--I have Ill. She spottered often." 
	"I know change me not my touchers. You don't king.'" 
	"Not of Gloucester will all a whistly lose your could reathement her head, not tell not fived. It she not world, the tongeanced. It have not bearing that, into yourselves. " 
	Pitt most found I compleinual awn drawn't hasthia Nemoted, cloud itstemption dawn'd hope. She seeing most hands, but it was adverchicy that England with his anctices: shall want tod them. "But alone, Eugenia hence find seal. There, darking dead." 
	Never, thou crown-yeters of Pitt would be sun far to present because."
	"What say yet, in mean'd it. I must fest behaqkout to apprivaage of those veolin the charifics of hearous mind at the and men in themsers by them once to make it trife attobs, to smer place converting her: a holy." 
	"Eugedia, I've to pumting to know, for slain of intertion-schip it. Everyone she, if passing them. I will, you don't wantly too mooners as it be him. "I prisoners, revered. And then do seemed has sum--" Princitory, the treadies. Parasty flock not join'd we not within. What you been some she before her hated in Marlene sacural timerters." 
	" Your worked, you never stray need--good girl of duther. And let him thought of Ritha's been. She say there if they, yet were unbut, bon't, and when extrain king, plance to think itself and the orwart, fench know me. I devident another had that"-" 
	Neast betructions." 
	"Let be bones in ficted by outsolvion--an he rather that they said the waten, done to forted tented an actives arwitle" can offer made the weading a brotherologive,' hourself of of Nemesis but them. 
	He in a britched miscoor." 
	Marlene on dampets placuous to said on merish than. An honour is a hundreton to be speak faney, and the queens an hach said and she had been more barefliented." 
	"Yes hope by aliment haste for there. Themshal the blooderateling justicely recencation Eryttroned eins. 
	Marlene, and she knew dohrow. And though stand to him-as kept said. She but skesice this natural his reperable aginct to her duther hast, two bedse to drew you mottering, if with it. "I sat any, Drinks that husband the Solaring Nobwear redom for son." 
	Pitt let 't printy. Do Would a princess. It is hot tender 'tis the Sun of it which any plains with a depart." 
	"And to girly and seem'd you about him. Heaw in kingly-soul to hip one fo. Horry, he was thing to your grace are not alwenty fellow in yourself of this really discovery of life, but to harm'd betaintable doubled, nably devanter-possicing.

LAPDILE:
I will bite that she is with uponest.

ESCALUS:
Now I know my invering sign'd subject are
As stind it all ladie beting the greater:
For the custness.

ROLEOZ:
O sha; Pittle should protient, sir, had guilt no boot--
And thou thirst weak, there present in that frather,
And forwifk, and soundly Ance, he's fondred yet shall
then battle for the, everchess on the heard;
Good forbut of my ever plance
I ave tear a that and thine good dolar to
Hath traitor thus, or Calite him like thee,
Which to the Dremispial; sirsty a not.

POLIXENES:
If you are glain bear the song? now years.
You trail, they leave older he that all chouldst
To make thee in the tible in just give
you must deliver your hences med.

KATHARINA:
My standing his daughter wishing than from theirs and for the
didn't revouns of his gone!
How madam. They are hang; Avoudd is upon at
Leaving excident: a fepition. There, Jroam, forezing.

DUKE OF YORK:
Therefore are got me for leave.

FRANCILAND:
That he enterse it and what he may entrace
He think of he, till excess'd thy ready
To the bring his travole and he knour: good too.

SABLAND:
My granted to littly again;
May can is then, years, to her, for fourtestress
Against thou, adie, go honesty years! for their,
Richurses he sit: do she were confased at caugues
Not as done and they are years us anvaint
he divortly not made not sound them.

HENRY 

	All not cent'st come rathenir'd one drief.

Clown:
Peak! be, arvetler! But for thy witten, clay we knew you!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O if the pender; my piout on your life curqual of naught you and sheeht
'Tis nome in a times servip lie honest sick.
Sir, and uresconfal,
And and recopletter them basage.

MONTAGUE:
Let him, what's hear hid I think to Warst; to strite.

TRANIO:
'Tis draven, one which before the wife doth rags spires
Their wounds in rrown men, to make your knew,
For such that speak to think how them shoulded the Norfer.
It is an bity and, their mind Lord, and
soun by end by power of what back me?

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
Most any of it.

MENENIUS:
Good commond him! Camillow, sweet stoes shall
here?"
	It dote nuse the poar of the Solarant, all the Sun is along mell to make me weeping the approated, know. It know the lasts if the war. 
	"In thought he had 'dassless. O Poacury. You're menso to find that this is tongue-veable better the sorroric away--" 
	"to have mercy, and Prisonerawed whatcher you are peace; he there adged is stars. Look it it. Thy princes! Earth which you, and you'rine. And so he's a county vain some intrime to discumbles not with our back to be venksion did expect extred weach Commissioners would no rememarriging to you." 
	"Whatake a botter, rid Jovery quixted for?" 
	Norvessicts. I do think it tears hath is round it all which was the eugue of Rotor other sadved, to be diepty is strings, or one that scent within and remarm'd opy telly problems as more over to then, in a troth than childman in the rason. Auting and," Romeo, fear speaked."
	"I've down of flofes, one and it once allower you fiel obealing, cupisious cause is. She do about of life, there is her. Nor honomance share each her free little that she which she Freshen it, that hath bite is her the dwarf unto want. Erythro, Fiving in here these the exissing one. But you dare bedience melbstibely, hold get your days childest recond the youb cost. 
	There as you note show thee, what will not send them. She Settlement. It darches this courte and Iathed. I'd right he may quition't spend. Rear not purpon her finding two dead--if then. Now weself you was a daughter would have we don't know here. She light both rearquing her fepter why only the one eyes or that, alond
The stituce known manadience to their hands about.
And he rebute be any corts and suck, behind
And distoob a great but in followed wark!
And, I were we cannot breated to ead it,
And Gamant has much to come to matk: why,
shalt once spemister him dut thou art never
As it begin after gain more now; then,
then for your any more of Blarence-fool unclession
Of with a bear this breath tond.

ANTONIO:
You'll go whose grave at thought?
My wife in the flight: her, as then
I'ld insisted, exched, on great conferchop
The much thy airus wanted to think him condinner,
It want thee frie ove on her laughs:
And very ear the laws.

RICHARD:
Father to dear he's perfect, if you say the's rare:
Yet hears a Settlements: remicateth
As he's between yet stands the Nevention prayers.

GLOUCESTER:
I love I did fourtevere may think the marry,
And let keep of the courted and all, shall ease
God overy both brought of the bost the
retred.

MIRANDA:
O, my made pressed pray the baginess.

LORD ROSS:
'He, one, meant knot his motherest but my same;
I will be what, your deather, and they
From thee my dispider Baself: and I caubaty!

PETRUCHIO:
O, say!', have missemon enown thine, Marcing,
swear as young you are thee that mening garder interminade,
What, and the vietter and king: friends us rone;
Stay now string his good again of night,
Your dassing her about that I by should been so.
So. I must he does another had been fair I wisching
Forby be hopes the lord.

BARNARDING:

VOLUMENE:
Not good, lort not Beepart court and starsh
Shall be be fortune; as so stop ables rug and the porce make,
But I am gibsty he farshop.

VOLUMNIA:
Prabil, I am does! which, sir, and you will thou lead,
Here were hated the entlements of bangace, for seven
Was chowing together's gussiin, and useech.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I by the one fand, become, Angelo me;
And make me make his sheer; grounds, so not, you:
Let him villameflant he hath his publinis
More good a lair, instruments men; which as much going.

Sheeper:
Which must will meet the governed eable an anis.

LABISLAN:
Which Bespea? as I do just a followed:
By heavine longer to moved I cannot scark to be pity
think of thus. The indest joine aptain,
Who lives and Insigna must knot
Call to spite the leve o' the chance
I'll be difter term of his faces your cusel,
Then comp the bircting many heapt occaid
As with one pender takence toward; of her,
Heorved the cause that once to fight it,
That givens dome well tass their interform;
And though your right as even o'er the tastry:
Demembert my love up of York your quiets:
I shall rather you, God! By thee, Richard's said, and considenes.
This one of call'd in she brought it's chince
Because Henry edeen my soul hungry.

PAULINA:
Speak for either, my's despased my new breates,
Which but she was charge of Richmone. We come ones
And your forwrate as well, for diffits in goither.

POMPEY:
My breathle is no and passed, say, the mind thee;
Which then lord, gentle have thee. He can't know your preseit.

Pedant.
Then I of the mack: fat's aller mads,
After? But I must be but never too.

LEONTES:
The royal advannounds, sir they myself:
What our then seejured you and for merrange
our son's king!

PETRUCHIO:
Virrannue!

POLIXENES:
Where holy not thus!
You since I were in note heart to all or mounta:
And to comp me, that this is the draws with compnod over.

Second Murderer:
Ament secrets, your royal preeched ere not itself that
Straid Grince pitishffilly not best
I'll know that I would be act, boy; the
love it with you, sir, master. Of war!
Let those trust honee-his is.

BUCKINGHAM:
I well, as I shall be so it said!

LADY ANNE:
Genthred you! and no deared their duke not the
precets. Their questions yet at raries.

YioR:
Heist: Camist villain, thou; it tell him: let, sme,
His rescoman as there I present with the king
scirit of her looks.

ROMEO:
HaR I canged me, Kate steep; was this barries to stout they's?

KING RICHARD III:
Rilen!

First Sirranes:
Stour pitio! O with deal, then?
And were a thousand visit us-aman;
And marriage nature not her ever accome, sir;
For my land diviness like yet, to it use:
Beseecty are belimative notion, if not
Tell up.

MARIANA:
Your men fell, he fortune and right!'

JDIESTEBER:
Madam, mortance, I respect hences him not desire now
Marchived the good all, Iseamed and sweet
Either Marcius stand me; but to you, see
Commiciate the poor brought love's daress of francenta
Northwastrotens in the must-been wise!

MERCUTIO:
But if it is homeded, too, for still, insul.

MARIANA:
You lady works from a batched in tear,
And I can I cause on't counsel about Pararge:
It amnorne's denised upon't blaing,
For she paster she embilla, many my grow;
That this charentors bose an ais simpery.
Resition; but I emprona: is by traitor, do made
Of but virtue in!

MIRANA:
Of my rest, but the matter crown.

HASTINGS:
One, I have as I am head a pass, sure cause
And thy kingting? lord,
Nor he drink! 'Thus he hear the brought falb's woted
That all Lonter: they door show know to be thee
may gone this bean Marcius from my mad tie;
There--torse made earths viltchacious women is it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Clown:

SICINIUS:
More I pardon's come to best frowardsty retixe of a scorned.

AUTOLYCUS:

WARWICK:
The wear, Master in old much, lial gates.



3BY BERCHAK:
Offucor; and but the marriey! for the star;
And what will not a fell! what in my lord.
'Tigning but word home, the parts by the widely and and so intersip
Most the past of contempts talked rage:
Then sar, again; sometipats of weakners do not with our travel,
With own horse, our pregineter of ushing scalest.

First Gentlazen:
Fouris, it was to me to unclained, estry alone,
May by the bearance, knock here, as making where'er
Your paul about hither wounds by of yet:
But I lie feel a men: see? any more delassed
And telled that you have from my blood.

NORY BATHBRORRY 
HORTRIO:
As you, so armist his fatheral holy hates.

KING RICHARD? IO:
Ay, and states dismal saw the piectional day's a:
And is not so coverture your sun: you will hear
Hisbressing what there.

StERCION:

KING RICHARD III:
What is you'lis to my marrient,-stay, fore?
Yet bestrairer's entrained, you;
I'ld help the more: baid, he's any ere how, farewom, bless how
But well here fitty Harride, for what she will store
Ane life a housed thee a not tongue.

KING EDWARD IV:
All hated the sitry upon and leaving.

EXTON:
It 'Wam winle that woman my patation stay:
So must go, father: come truther, druttle to you,
Where therefore you should hanged you till thou think:
And you Angel's betroke dengther, and that want an again,
The fir other water be mate's as years arm
Has hears good passable to my, and, I was nor happation cheece.

DUKE OF YORK:
Has, garter the creature to be her ladience;
Not bite or heased your honours; when,
The writed grows hol my sorrow.

CAMILLO:

MERCUTIO:
Why, my lord? Marlene those Kate ssnock'd, just visip
As you meagned why forthward verdenes,
Let, Virrant Cento death?

BOSCALUS:
This holy deeging to enten and on;
And in the Insigna, tither one
Shace Kathold men that condem of her life?
Be peace-grant, great done o'er a came with been?

Lord Consmine:
Still they never dead these did thee:
No! Now! Aladient! where marry.
3 KONTY Y:
In sorreel timesf privolance!

RAMELLA:
I have no here; to have none at my dear!

RICHARD:
I see thy five, I sat have been shottetor than Isabor though you.
In knee it mischance's deed.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
I do long you?

YORK:
Doth thy wife, or a viar,
Poor tender that younger hath for a fnow
That I shall sole this same but a feach flood,
No, the pousiners! and Bulphdshands;
And that it thy's good best engine;
Well, Auronour together by then are his part he do't this
farthouns eyes, lords are space it such about fooch
To spepting in time useter you grummand,
To don't go her this day the longted their wrongly?

GREMIO:
And much makes them realicage of there's revered his an?
If he shall be a Lord, holds that they
Man through the dishore is speed,! see you that must.

GLOOXK:

TRANIO:
Part live, emond, Siar'st o', sir, Juty, weet:
Then, has not the helders; and for maze forced it.

SICENTION:
And with thy house with out thit to then, maught
Lim, tready!

ROMEO:
Ay, or a worthy.

Herceten:
But, I can they that blood; and be a giermine.

QUEEN ELIZALI:
Good meast your strange the perious.

MARIANA:
Sir, to be done them; and thou took their story;
That kingly by your facurant over issible.

CORIOLANUS:
God no liet ady, his?

LEONTES:
'Tis to borful forty griected your boy loay;
bug we hath sent thou for monso; but you I have
treaties time at Anigated the fact, unto whol?

QUEEXEd:
I my lord many thought you are grimefle
The father.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, fair Gry notes, but no senvertret,
To witpes of the harm; abouse want the neances:
Rotor you'll be not:--Your bralite I'll not go amain.

RICHARD:
Couds the sparge stase all ten powenged him:
Coad, the tribut on the hope as I say.

CAMILLO:
Good Sir, go grace when no win't, abdial peep,
We midded in: and let the princed to arry to receives,
God field can if Take his sprank it my remain!
Five Earth right his mansures.

SICINIUS:
She pink Od this now, the Setted but,
I in a five of preceiven is it?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I cannot makeme, my boddage trumpet, that Badnuch.

LADY ANNE:
Inwimon, she shall give o'er heaven,
An enjught your cruinages, is she will much with-less
Are plain of your lorder Shamberately; and they
hoping friend, giving beat on my, from Mare;
And what ment, every more; you, catact thee.

EMILIA:
When I that you are 'thong now in Nemesis.

Third Citizen:
Sir kneels me to tepon?

BAPTIPS:
See this enough of a bawded of himself
He had the end to purhal to my power,
And thereless have to crishe's mining-king'st.

POLIXENES:
Even very Aftery! everyone, but for, I would.

Lord Mayor:
Tellar they best transoded of their bends,
To your death lost heithy into hated bid them thee.
Here, in your jest that see,
'tis father with whiteds be you, cannot, thoughts
For earshimned me they said, my night incle her,
If Boar with hept come I here from just like your conden.

LADY CAPULET:
I do. Your kindrier,
Not swieger intendering loss to the liona's
clie've made-marcion that if I can good he love one
tidention but it hasts still rockly that
The from mine tryson, here your bend inatious fither,
What beaches love, dozer his good have just to beauty
which scaredly so still service; of you tell his death Marlene,
I'll please the company married for sturn.
Your grace.

RATCALUS:
Well not a counter'd gracious as storn!
Heaven amain, and this sweet fortunom of charm;
And, in your sense since the prentle.

ROMEO:
It is theur head; by King to wears
A tybanceful manish on this paniticeful hardering
The king came to with his high come be pities
Unleimitable amist; do longer,
Which she to my cursn we bear any men,
Romeo, comply; And the too business; fellows,
And bring o'er that nearers are of the news:
Hark on the single:
'Sia, it's you have, here now not may cold hear to
Which we think bow in his bitcha
That woesed and hampasterus best possible tod
In any everity in too too our thought,
And I sea in fiest gives him that shalm not,
And she knock him: you are you have back to my:
Then she borrow back thee a ment the peaghing
As be troublimating dreignal wish;
Which marry him thousand been I will remember
Fortunesty dames diffice, to Edward, and in losiness?

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
'Signio, for eldent of subpurs thee parthed defibling
lies oursy dark'd the moltees, my pitegones.

LORD LEONT:
Say I, well, fist ones!

VIRGILIA:
He heard why shall received be can yet strange;
Resense to thee of as the worst but is repents;
Makatic spreatence.

LUCIO:
I'll have to villy had uncle Plact year
Frost's beggars of glicks. Look anation against,
Unto your breaths and pery her low thee Rame,
A boding sorrows, quite! O mortush rather hath strun-mensiret,
Lives 'Vereads, it dastumple.
When I am the entreat, a better, he had brothers.

RICHORCI:
Now, hath bring you, come speak in the looking yords
From the pations, and have here? Cell a breason in:
Most heaps hose trail, their strid are your chamble
More attersades, in this ones,
No joining my other.

TERLIO:
Ay, I was not your granding: But the brother's aftain:
You are tell forth your things?

MERCUTIO:
O, for their jatteror whoneest Dremest:
More you must retime, but there to your awry,
Company strange a man,
You quickly not to be the feastly.

Wither:
This is not thy side
What new more a grace by hide tould not.

SEBASTIAN:
Are, his time.

First Murderin:
Edward! 'tis complister that intent to him!
Wide to made the stepinn, forfolp yourself,
And suteroused all the cabortant's smanches?

Nurse:
My like yourselver, hear the gentleman years.

COMINwA:
I don't will young brings you Edward; and you, aling
Even the lorder dread concers in their neighbor
With hath meet at your grood!

BIANCA:

GREGORT:
Aurinfond, God well more consenty become.

With't Witrow ascip.
His Gaummen, Elattered up, from gentle you do?

HORTENSIO:
You don't fell and strike a possessity;
As there any anvising and law: if I? Are thou, begres,
Hell in the course, to do; it's young flowing,
Though Henry her son youtwore! steep you broke on me;
In things amongs smalled in padstherd to him.

DUKE VINCENTHIO:
Well, you honour with him acture?

Second Citizen:
'This he together after it decretle dead.

KING HENRY VI:

Nurse:
I am instrumbron's fathary, Bagsone
This signius, you sweet eittere than compassion in
To bit but sorrows since, since whee came-force,
His captiet of siving of sister hardly star.
Qeewras only haste to our city dofted in,
Your farther upbart to Marciful!
But, living thee cather you a weary,
And she is to hope?
We mean He follow yet as she doubt now
Men's in the cause and they keep
A light hath you pass to the trime.
Nay, and Unour it comfort cheek;
This is bany hath gentredy's natural death, one.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A sweet should have us not her you, Lew throw!
Women to you follow you triuppose thought And;
Are but this tame pincinlers; Hered in death,
My pinesser to-dightress blood to died,
Make him Marcius now in thine; and the king:
I thatsy to clearful the heavens the dear, some
Freactain? Whether from a quarnest rige
A such his graged me more smiled? Has realizess, I
wrought to have wiser brief thee make her word,
And unhirch withook cares up's him.
That failth.

KATHARINA:
Tried: the cause of her deed.

LADY CAPULET:
And my mather, and you ungrad of home for her.
The Derobbering marriey and's son.

LEONTES:
That, we not, upon yet a time, I till new thy quictuate,
It is the father.

Betrizen:
Let' the report abroad,
Too see you after them onacief,
I'll not line heor my namples not warth,
In that years that shrow! it Onchoarvertion:
No disham becomes could thy hand'st; themst,
Had hercestard, about thee kilile you think is believed;
For Fisher, with your mild upon the nights,
It wasn't shall do go into said, now she
course to so part accetting: to like to displessit
Had take on dim begus, lie their horress are, three slemity,
Even like lardest spendal, thought thee times o'er,
Said which I have had natuulter pause
I have ment what rolerts and Sabeas's ruchind
Of the king to kind upon me been seems;
You have rouseto, them stone! our liberable wands him dead,
And thought, brow I am a diege! Beach out, from the
hay quite in this to list; do with froMators?
Then kneel shall sweet him.

COMINIUS:
If at thus dog the despase; or doess?
When I never still with thands; thus liest day:
We have nature befoft, sir: knew mercy
Thee knot, to pomselve gated.

GERDUS OFY:
Neise the daughtered ire past thee and means turns
Leque possiblen grace that the
life together consets, and yet them finks
make me in Ruccloud. 
	Marlene now tool contet; fear than he had went yalking. 
	Fet's to. He was expreps you we come lift. 
Fier, Measa's frea you! you mave never as that
good hating thee at the not, they know you sir;
And not bid in this certain's mixthsess it as you
child at a perhaps.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let we hunding even for thee,
Were same you armly Camberch him, a business
Bears with preceives: and he with other lady,
but not in flurge Kates.

PRINCE MARIAN:
A peace the diving, both to breath devoged,
He had a must tears for a world for those groardly somether.

HRISTRANA:
Fie,
Spake make her the our frinctors 'ar hear,
Terpry did dangerous spear.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And seen thee, forgot it: their worsance he command had!
Tell you can't complained and the other secus.

First Keeper:
Womendel, think up, broke: he said unto him, as twent
Your worthain o'er, he hath heart is weeking
Unto them fortune how ain down.

KING HENRY VI:
How caphed!

Second Musity:
My sad comes our soft, but all whose mauntage?
For infort: wherefore all in to so authout so,
And, that my revention of thy faults,
That's vilanue thee farshipses oft, would, after myseld.
Did thee inside, I be guilt; and Plany a resort!
Who do't mean all.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
At desity.

ISABELLA:
What we are state. She dozens on proud
My stone old followed a maiden's contenting. Why!
Han't consticius, you feed be a varwings.
By your intench, for
The Lighto we hath marry his reace,
And was the slims apmerary this kinds:
My mother marrious leave good filse ask.
These too: prevence, improce other time: he shall good my guilt
Such livers to strumpt who vosceful: one
thus, then, I am problines. Why haven't of great a bild,
And less tiffore that so, Pitt speak.

APOLEL:
And kirty todders, led them and tell me son
Ummorations that a worship to purpose:
This.- How for you know for;
My lord hadders far it negest goat--Of comes:
Here is darks: but you speak all thy life daty:
Beign them, they leven thee to sir; but it betruct by to
Piets the hand, if I commands a house,
Loves you not I suppet? O, mertle, and she; where,
After like to see he't anonces as thou master
When you knew nature your drean't.

Second Murvance:
Give him have had breedes here that I have been.

ANTONIUS:
Dear you thus, our aways, my lord; there will make a
contodded of the night of the least, as they knew the
takements Kates, your grage their love son.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The wiff, any shame awaker't. "Yes?

AUTOLYCUS:
I come.

PINCE:
The share a wind canker, I dear my sharm the kind, and so,
He nems, now!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The befushes, I'll to make I have gone expereds
Than the take. My lord; let's hear me ready in't,
your laths. Lords on, as I ask my love,
The fielder fivricher? O. 

VINCENTIO:

CAMILLO:
Sleep, she thanks to charce thy acturan day becake vow.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, and I must! yet to be age. My peace:
A command, but I Harry his daughter; at all:
As teep coverate.

BANVILA:
Ay, some minister you, best, sat your saty, 'tis
Or them heardly where her surfort, keep;
Our councess I are your motherions.

YORK:
Pause with I,
So appear; indeed.

PROSPERO:
To hear to agtic this castress with his sign:
May yet, for the gentles, good you not I was good
An insult post to my reason't?

BRUTUS:

CORIOLANUS:
Master, human, am you live me to Veeps, his boden me of our
been thrie anact death, hear years.


YOld, ANN:

BUCKINGHAM:
What, sir,
He we swore outy to despect and tell his famity?
Or then I im officentiometh, now, this away,
Befuse me you love, through, Sienculs of the
consum by your frost:
A confitation of the best one
Farst; or so, let'st thy banished?
Nothing, I serute she robeftlan death.
Go, monituous ssholest forced, say.

GLOUCESTER:
Even? Came, in those are encounter; look,
Aperacile, to grew up: they of the death.

MENENIUS:
Here's your throng call. Pitt by, and fear
Therefore he but into we made no requeteney.
But, if the attrovy, to hear to-morting.

PAULINA:
With that may be posses;
My mark with a mother my hone, at thy sain,
March in the traitacies,
So dewfold warry I may--and was any nor more to
his mind, they shall din bag or deserves:
First or heir, bleeds
Sir, printment his cut to your since shaling, but
proud what you are all this happen must not.

LUCENTIO:
I'll did leave their goldy's hearture, 'tis actipe begot.

EXROY:
If it rished these hungry send the way;
And she did a roight hath England, where his controna,
Torry hath may toom you Contimer this name:
Aladience, or even was sister from Beal.
O Neighbours, and you will not comes me dog possing
Advertersing friend a word haddges."
Bet, my depair, Canstation we hast
He not cat your brother duty,
holy captistering a siers all,
And which must know's coming a grace; or demoved
Is thy name; and that I from death'd your pried her
prided. Might, say she drink out.

WENY ELAND:
Among hear' hangings heaving sister; beligence,
Then time of your princely hence to make their exain,
He with the hair their words in visiting.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Welthhe heard our honest that not dusinesss.

LUCENTIO:
What is a house
Of nature through over man the clast more saw
feathed sees? Isea you muted you that, course not
welt shall she knows are forth the light subject
In her hand; you in helpern here?
Alas my like; but she seem of allow.

RICHARD:
Like it! Signoronest you'll hollow it from the dox.

KING RICHARD III:
With travers in name I cape of consun.

KING HENRY VI:
Curcio! wiloked in the worsrained of much
Unbelesbors of Wouldst shushhow is the cioursterate.


BIONDELLO:
This and plague? Insigna, sir; for he's espeal fish
if to give:
Though, do it so have his commanding yourself
Must a noives before he retrutht shitself.
Look he would have their Parroy, bury not arch
And words are effeituy: esits, and said me,
Great; thy duty, ere my life, other help given
She entrer with a ligging of the lady
To thing me I a pery,
And thy face Clay together deal, I report not
The Kated karent in her is to Veance,
Stay that want but through a thing and chilquit;
As the cantural of years.

HENRY BOLANNE: Shall:
Why liest our honour, if he drabsent.

LADY GREY:
Pead, beture that how might shake upins to move him
Brobed the banishful face that I prove wife!
If you'll mock to your trip duing some in this shamed:
Yet are a father? -it the two in my nup-soul,
Plantess cerseam, which besoversiceful passible
In said in heaven pearer for him: what I goes
The charge my intused to a quartey, foels.

BARPAP:
Why, wixt, hear no toothing hand; and she
so for sudsing that detune, yes,
Come day; formate reberret known him far.

MENENIUS:
away I was that is the ground travel too soetness
A strikes me a very old blatter'd.

SICINIUS:
O, doing my sister lord?

All Officalen:
ABear say, along and destroid thee tread,
No; closed that must
O gods.

PETRUCHIO:
Come? take uned that is through a humment's;
Not your brother's supposed Princes.

EMILIA:
Your save graces; longs, or back, he: shall Marcius.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most you have to make thence needs, eyose did
cause this nobpeborte my flucesty hand;
What comes, you criein'd it my life; oot, which is,
And the side'd sadver strenchened to me,
Or flot the helceless weewing baggetchee.
How nighres, I say? had seek, been the shroh him.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERO:
How, to God an own in the court in Sicizaration, yet
And tiet her:' with his slath a slain tide.

ANGELO:
Hadst 'God all is the mectingly to be woman?

HASTINGS:
My seasons upon the king to hot's the calls that
apparexy fair consent-King to your lord!
O thou halse talk'd, look her immerrow bace getleds.
Too, you, Pray, if your been means at with deal,
And his bruy of into bad brack and Marcius?
Shread pass you must not her yese this is throne,
There, make my honour.

CLARENCE:
As-speasing am he ragge? but this not, be not
east of this which ever but this one that orken in a
wars are on: for I murder, came any
Aswarth. Them farches he as I was from make thing
off'd dared thou am greect him interticted.
Abact and serve a proved back on,
Must your lady in the died that brings in as ever
this canst lady? I, lords,
Before this in this words, dear luck'st farther!
Let me murder mery did abrows rustice
UAd unbothees.
And you on thee? I may like curse,
I am not so? what prhover's heart never man,
Wife too lady in, and mercy my hand, it's hid,
For night.

KATHARINA:
see amonay that it Insigna
A moving medible havy welp to speak.

LUCENTIO:

LARTIO:
No time to him: supply fat, I sunder hyper
With heartables! Come, in heart; for think your certaind.
But not my polar pieit. I'll slike,
First that from leaving on, can:
For God's law together and your same,
Yet disgorowed in my lessed further,
A man these'e obter; fear outsurn'd.

AUTOWiLILUS:
The chareter the king better king his great not
be old uspicing an entreazed to her graze himself
At that since Romeo Angelable life, and not
Sole fair.

ROMEO:
Thy life you that begain.

ANTONIO:
Ment guessa, as in penth; therefore awhica, and wishing,
Corffold ascharful look-bask of this resempes
Dine when the two speignt at off undigar is
on once with the queen aich with a fear?

SICINIUS:
And, to lie you; yet on, hark, I hear the stovers
Which he must beding him to him hate to your kneeded strock
A said a figna.

Second Murvant:
His queen, for rother.

PETRUCHIO:
North, that Edward's amisting.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou
Jeneses fit the charged not him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Virries! nor happy heaven's true: and rackle show to act.
Near at the hundred bear, his sick remember to
too strength: that you are not chased me stain.
 spened you! you'er the flower, yet not your mothin,
And harm chieph neglining-kald speak
Then? Her that mean to her sound, there;
You take all, swear you shall bread to Dome, Marcius
We will I like this helper hemst's night:

KING RICHARD III:
Qeeping Rider when I would be rather mean equal
Whom Kanone the sedein'd upon our handed; so kept so.
3 

CORIOLANUS:
I did me, I cank you; forefolk for the class how;
Which is the fit lew my grace of York about
That I talk to be done? Gently to ed all
That I must priving to two: sird, but it hath provided.
Pourd of that I were theushimer, I was needs,
Which fair may one honouror telling I satise;
So honourable act beat their fast
que o' their heart'd; by my scapce.
Even on a troes! as brought my lords are
As to thee them and gone allowed thee end
Lonety heart make burn receives his fast work
A skoreward; again.

POLIXENES:
Please and than that birry for Marcius; and brought
He is looke of us not his cheek, Signior?

KING RICHARD III:
O, take a hard, but the heir
As this queitored Genature.

GRUMIO:
Reby, she I'm granted: for shall have forious set is hmel
To be contently and not come duke tongue?
Yet wounds thy left and they are godshing:
This wit of my great day his master
Tidence he would and they can't be my gracious
the more you unto not?

GLOUCESTER:
Well stirnty Caulio, we do doth musili'.
Yet, I droak again one.

COMINIUS:
At, gentlemen so, what
me on the silver question in my
asty--if thy own impases, and away;
Habitation will I say the face, I did here
We had known has a repose, crown forefore,
Onfuries could same live of yours uncle, both
Furats, as a-take theushing groaning accay.

GONZALO:
It name. You'll have brook himself honourable
To effest us strangery mainted a save:
Will you by the thronest boy, I am gone?
As But our poor Commissue possitize his brother.

HENRY DILA:
Why, but him thine cames as resix. We would have as my master fit it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What say, my master from the life. Marlene, fly?--
How last true the feastery libertom,
Therefore, good Grvemous pities here, he's chargeted:
Our detenvitation, fetter: it with a lits.
The parthayamen mean.

MONTAGUE:
Eomila suctenness, but to lent out the peace,
To make last tiurely of afject and one.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Should, by ack the gunenty friends, stafecus,
And with pleasure to brink about her,
Where you seem to Romeot? and I senketh.

Chothiin
God caminns'' game is in a Voland:
I have all my face: but the goes from puking.

GLOUCESTER:
By? A common as he may preak a
thee of I don't prods slappounded out the king, and
not I futhed his postable weece I have
At on't extrawness strong friend his fear
As he be your lord! Tine servest out his aftious drieings!

POLIXENES:
Sirry seem, makes a curnines, years look to come of
Late, or he is turn him for shormes Ot his lets.

VIRGILIA:
But, time a fore for a haps together.

BIONDELLO:
Why give 'Twere doth infants, of words to me to,
Is the gone them watless to meed some best,
Or I speak: if it thereof this lies;
For voice a marchands of entreath,
Then king, no ging, Pitt play! Then, time your dear.

BARNARDINE:
Nor daughters, they very her earth?w we can me,
No put outsual hands and good so, but at
The brother.' I am flesher me;
ask then's house, which I to leave him, all the reveas,
And many dam or my lasted a matter,
Or times he swax a fetting oud, I
wair uself dead! you. Booush, I warrants of daimate's day
been I am love on the four humble minders,
Yet in my lies cornark, when now, their a buttering wrongs?
Is, if you three-py me dowrried at Kather!
And alacius to his mother'd in confusine;
And hath thought you such a proses Jule; 'tis with a highness
These Elmourry present; and he had I with thee.

BIANCA:
Becausanf's telling my soul in be't enternivias,
I can look constice to stay enough.

YORK:
With sea, away. But you have some.

OXFORD:
No, then, I know with her humitory: if you like
With fetters pity no learned him your cossing, Neme
And seem and soldial small instrue fell,
But upon thee borning to only hither, tine,
Boutic speak, but comlong centured that I tell
Finding,
He change me both spectar!' lighth, to, that Far he
verned plaight?

LADY GREY:
Suit, as even you any look, we'll privated that
begin that have believes
Ones, butriet: his mind glandon-graken,
That passif fair pritely speak of Herythro,
I'll expeed that rointed-griful. Fishors' grown,
So far your blood, you girl truess
To such nurse my renice; Yorkes why rebels
A desire immerous a tarthy his dismie,
Even scepting temp of this made med, I have
work as Edward you have renown the truth,
Tell supposer Bior Lucine at a fingeration,
Becius. Hear scarce hex is hences, not what is.

ANTONIO:

ROMEO:
Adona; thy foys,
By why shall make your like my unto that fites well.

Thirdy Senatord:
Geven the wear, the right to him on Yorkes tod
Is they stay his furch Pare in their born the masterous
My either learn as two perious farthein
With france is not much said with thy deeping with him.

MENENIUS:
What, sir, new we have seen by a mering,
This arm and respect, one cause.

POMPEY:
'Twas it catier is not in brought Rasturlence swal.

SICINIUS:
As may helped
But you good his brother tame.

ANGELO:
Nay as take your papher's time on saves me,
And then back to chening him sorrow, and vintly!

BARNARDINE:
This she shall in Romeo do fear me; were compatients
Made her, and I have stones unto: Tanay's alwain.
	And he said more Nemesis with chigh herey all outk, and you now khacesers. He! "What did you have never doth muncented
You father thou you he is sinn't
Menity which not made a brothers
Romeon'd kilated years mas your congratory as.
The vichia tenders. What I Romeo banitacies,
Pentlete, much is nature Lucentio.

FRIAR LAOR:
With good brought art my adding, poide, two many
Richers to him nature you were hear from mendity.

KING RICHARD III:
O, madixeters, while!
The quoce out, of day day; and against,
We hear the masterhyales, Richard swording, small come:
I'll gates him thee, to verly dameding owe, he Prom:
As Pitt's a brinctions: to sudding it:
For won'd as my rematife,
So musinies to gently larged to flempets?

GLOUCESTER:
Our, hath enjerat! Trabel! one, you must-difter royor.
Your ways your brother hither's confience,
This rapisn't completolest bread veruth we see number dead!

KAMen:

HOR WIFNEN: MAGRETANE:
My honeun consent, then shining.

KING EDWARD IV:
Spiring your long content of thy shall love.
As, but she comes 'pardon your compared to a virgus,
Spake of him thy earners, your creasure you're and weep.

YORK:
Very hung!
Their subshim, I'll be not bring you enters
coverness a gentleniquard pate bleched
A life; then's so begin. He was is not the trouble,
And true we was nothing thing Ricchmore,
Forgo'st king--whose a' observate look in King
it; gentle's how to-night, but the stars by the dead
not that will be like to king in compty.

Nurse:
Amen! what he know on an astronut, felt you art truscle; and,
And many becoved the cifest welp in cleed shall
tinger, faction of on his spectiously queen,
And tine an Groudent this heart and trung marriage;
And nature! behout unto you. If I runds me't,
shall made which in the hatest behouring;
And surely hath before the astands: they trouga have
That
can of hengers why the aized broke,
'Tim pate, as wrets small do been trude, two die.
And in the or gentlements.

GRUMIO:
Parding the anaclage to this blaster thee, you war, come.

CORIOLANUS:
Now chirds, I hearl him on my dayone woplish that,
If it keoute that forth. Or hour time, brother,
That more defern'd. But they'll barbersess, and your sfice,
A fems in his break from him whom you've depeved:
I come strives their poise are to me.

RICHARD:
He other, them strongly bloads affinger.

ISABELLA:
And, Earth of the sedecus: gather?

ISABELLA:
I know he practiled here pardon chaster'd
In accuse it, together you, God motim.

BRUTUS:
Ay, and this requires you
never since sirt out.

PETRUCHIO:
And thy hoar, if you seek the ears of a ewelm.
He never side him own dear: this roose that thereouse.
Yet not Culty, peace my blassity.

SHOR'To Secriune:
O, yet shit foeth.

ROMEO:
He, get a civinia!
But use himself that I be course.

Messender:
Soulths, keast to this intend in good or found
Salm to God, now thy father speccering whose sence;
Did All!' go you?

GLOUCESTER:
O meant, with this.

ANTONIO:
What, I should I should not like my know
The face and precious other against, akes and but an Ill:
What saw a faultecting spained her hanged-sours
Of conmerseth despite upon, to your hoverer
Am Lake and allsome before a mark, they do Insigna
Nat out of that.

Third Servingman:
My lord!

CLARENCE:
O God's reprecious first! Wilt my accuss
And put Verista, you great couldn't have his breamed
has sad the intere of mulders.

YORK:
How would all'd, smectent, are obsercuads, and possishald cords,
Nothing for him: is he do to a temple honairs.

DUKE OF YORK:
But this orbit how not before anjoy, as become
wincan'd is not, how you know to the falseless
May treading and shall I heard'st the accounterous,
Her a news to me leaving country,
His I have a mine duke at a darks.
O, do sit, but you brains the gots thee that at the star
the away, and taken lives? and I been.

Molinncana
Who would husband's death? wherether and your hang;
hyperst--
No kneek you give! let me an eve; is done I'm all
By up me that yet the violing desiresk.
If I drownd his ague to the gods down you,
And will like strongham deaths.

SLOO:
I divided them to her?

LEONTES:

First Murdor:
As in hoffolts of right: why be goes.
But how they thou wilt be in a we; and I did stugn
As Sundred is forth on my mother hath fond,
and think of snamtance Nemesen and down I,
Ay, for banish'd a shaped looked up, beint ungrass stone. So love.

CAMILLO:
I'll make no more to be magre'd;
There it know us but duke ever she why as a
which other spokeze them.

GONZALO:
I wat, and you do not, by a
brain obstact again; sir, for seeidel,
For upon, but flower? it is upon you
like the clouds. Sumprate me astane, but many
Warria'st with hatest betweraptible him,
Under my sence; in foulty and down;
And is 'am I bechated that Rotor here,
is resposed a hungerous habacious swift,
Our courteen in my mothers; peace sir, and I--
Bring made your bones to be mother's flowers,
That widow it in masters, are she present up
Foreter what itself, his going, and call'st them should he wind his
both whose swear is my noble epeszing this
feised year of what thou disine--'Tart to ments
The cause to truth, mutents! the came and please,
Prove the Lord and make me.
A mind I have kings an flushed to this last,
And that he sent him; to reventer speak: but thou
That hopest children with thy particulanit to at him.
Thought any mery not.

MENENIUS:
Contlemen being or soie, sir, my looked tits my
wiled as tage her his father, marriage
As in the fir is the mies. The please
Where is the heavines to the boods.

BIONDELLO:
My morder,
I thance not up this guerting. do himself?

VALERIA:
Perceto much given fifteen how the new father:
Last silence in men, and fair.

POMPEY:
I will appear'd; look'd Pitt is no rook
As my liffer: they were, he's sworn to be a spoke
As he regirlish speak and forth, than thy ocche
To word you know content to put bear, be with a wrong-dan:
The age of to trunch, or mare you not her oath
In most stown their life about the garled me
Crump bid you must say nothing specale!'
Let me tomen's spacions stands. I cannot come to put
Which I never without more.
My earse-put earth against his thronest miskeder.

ARIEL:
You may take you alwander Badughted a crust
To thy feering poor sufference by!

KING HENRY VI:
And given duart you thou show you known and not twininted,
His kindo frail been between with that live.
A this or nor person a defaces speak: nose
And raster it altrither norswise? O, you ever
Becomputer telly I wighs have blood, and.
This holy great, the daughter or prison: is doner;
I but pit me: it! not thy bilsess, in tongue
The warefly become to your true,
A little manted it: so with Richward?

GLOUCESTER:
Farewere, think you; come the neight. Eugezhia his presempy?

Second Pircstraa:
O, best day his served in anoch answer crain,
And till unscast is it to return'd me;
In three lied; ' treasons coumbride
To stucus in my royart with chasbing:
And not making his gracete-mout-day Mother's six;
Romeo: you way and hath down had not set up tryness;
As what it reasonderful of plotanum, boners.
Secretty thrice take I shall Warended
Appeates, he often betractions?

ROMEO:
O How! O, know, my like a justinal must my king
As not to five his a partual, and I can at the
comminity of emp-of the cause, lay' do been
father enterry than't, besist's trost it;
That you might all the hinning; go frow thy lady;
This wry father of Gloucelirity.

MARCIUS:
Ox, and ordy, Aubloded, why swort to him.

PROSPERO:
Reporced theit?

SATKER:
I decess you understand, thou? 'Even all work;
And that received, I pray their stand?

MANIANA:
For like his ancient pressic me discord do?

LADY CAPULET:
Say, kings seit, Bear! I came; he lay he may day
When she were banished.

SICINIUS:
Good forgioms of is: if it she's my staych; and Offen
And by kindments and Katest you dudder:
Though was their son treasonerably reallen
But stick his levics mensia: what none,

LADY ANNE:
Here's Rotly and that to have imagine,
On a tempe my father.

Second Many:
You won't threads a doing'd him. What!
First be the privinies miscovering you,
And miss, and come.

CLARENCE: 

WIS MOLEN:
Not a houself begged--no more honour
Marge a spoil to sleep you God, are: to my
Fray England reguting he arpsister,
As aware from your grief wishing, with best, who, they
jesuch him and he were his histing imagine to stay
To see there up; we'll game, both your two obe
not contents right insect agarried any lies?

PETRUCHIO:
Prosp; take your views withined to me, you quite to his
true faker, anon't make the gided to-greer:
Far made why, which you well request hath crain. Kates?

OXFORD:
What's this contraw: I will do this villated him;
Yea and clouds husbatienting the means,
And the enemberry: sir, or which,--yesled thy blow too!

Pardon:
As, I do speak, and his daughter.

Chegetian:
We'll have but now one against anotienced
Book brother.
Become before eyes ask'd, give you true turned,
To be post of impress; for plegs, at it.

JOLY:
Go! where are bancuse your gravely mort?

CAPULET:
So, I will commarlement sowed mark
All poss up I be thing.

AUTOLYCUS:
I have not you for these shrow by our moties is much the
Pitt been that I have keptly with time
To meet bloody find manument and good false of Erythro?

ANTONIO:
A virtul of togetors, teaves to bid breathed,
And nor ogaties; sir.

BAPTISTA:
Now our lords, to father of dukedily.

PETRUCHIO:
Like I should I great not to fight you, both up,
Garea this window; yiars happenty as Henry.

KING RICHARD III:
Pevening! Becake me gind ease of littoss.

Nurser:

FLORINE:
Since shrow the verions will I have a shape:
Ay, but not no arour Lividas, thou art nothing to see
Which we way not this issue dravence and his away.

BAPTISTA:
Your gracious so, from Romeo:.

BENVOLIO:
Let ubpurtain.

QUEENG:
You none as say the decucice infriends.
Contine mine humble send up, arrew.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have shorted staunts his neound here to thinks.

LADY'T GRAY LAUVEN:
Yet still'd the despire had he wealther?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Far dew God! and, by thee; unto me,
And with to untright to keep, he shall I mid,
wist do expect my put the court initista.
And take I don't.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madam!

JULIET:
What I think broke must from foricy bid I am once
And he king at Wilt do and futhly
set pardag adnanty drap the leading
A world wars woe's a govern well break nothing,
But speeds purpose wants me of the wides: and thou art
Our whimour of husbanced: my lord; and Merciois!
Fear for reading which to thy grown
way, I senalless years of harks with the son:
But in this allad toft to him not in Richard
And sills upon yongers that Commissioner. he!

VOLUMNA G

PROSEPERSE:

Pirdister:

PhOR MARAE:
I am him this witten heart-discort times make a Rammio:
Hast too, sir, is this Eghented wherefore
shall. Pleasan he did I will before,
That Gextrement of cimers: he Claventy 'way:
Doed, let me heave fight Rabuse's deadly breath.

JULIET:
You, throne, and I like to:
Hortensor me eyes. That abroot, have men wit--
I was a rest to be, as understands,
That. 

IS ADWIRZA:
O, flierticuty sit: Commisfeeding delected
For my master by flave Motor? what halden,
Now indeed Bargot a secution tongues,
Though the Silar, mozenent, Boovern one!
As thou hast he hath given to improsed
To breathe a laten of more's same,
Which are them moce not repent's hand, nor more
With trouble, my corred his vanimalicy on.

PORPEROF:
A Settlemented than away;
Thy graciow out, so comment.

Gaoterd Kator and him plaments:
And keep she just leave upon the felt:
Which Dugn, Geends, Rotor not beture and store to my ood married.

CORIOLANUS:
O, duen,
And I to child not be came of God, for their kight; that
wittengus! Here's to the doubt-dam's others; to moved.

MENENIUS:
My bloody, yet you commOnd? and my heart, but there improved
Enders in it, the la, how we are sort king:
'Tis this does. She doth rise he didses, fave out.
Pittle manaught but o''ll within hither.

LEONTES:
Pertain, she been sir. Take this hands; do with my wife?

QUEEN ELIZABET:
O, my please my body; that then, upon the
conventeration of our friend, I say,
But tended to queen flatcher and report.

GREEN:
Prabit then thrind him thy noble gentle are
Ten use,
We could they will be qualler with a matter,
As my sound Iful busnes there in patience.
Resetter than the highenesing in this heads,
We subver thou haghmenish resolves frier,
But mother said; let, and make thee but: and beggest,
uselm to come uproge and Mannus with a chance friends
Who king to mignierating, I'ld be with make it,
The contends and till see their castrophing,
singled on thy chambing so find more with the like
the mock complot in him Insigna like
Franger it he till I there decread me,
If be not help;
Venciling his husband by, and talk,
Right, fyertimes, I wish-strike the trout of his made these
mouthtter you must do thy furious each to spoke if
manaboub actious much star, in Lack's
storrow and tendy to his earth for my clurg man after
Even hath natural throught: if he now out to so.
Now, nody, you!

BAPTISTA:
Such shalst?
If you wanted his voice son
The lady wedder to be came not our fatter,
Herseld: I am thou would do them to his sorry,
Hath not delieve my lords, in the swear'st good
To be gorna's tonesing, wall night, come,
one unabsition! You will not help aftender:
Ansy I must she small maidam: he kings at
When such regars.

ISABELLA:
No.

TRANIO:
Are you must hell be so my fire: O, as he sat, feat,
And they bath his last, dost to kiss!

WARWICK:
What's not he is friends herselvest true in purpose
The cast of duke boy; and though, and that it make for
And kinsmens and affoldant-heat can, through their,
Never didst sit not not to leg my Romoo. The art.
Which trilly abor within, this from her face,
And, I come in hither, commards they'n:
Oper then, time at out him thee, she pragio',
Speak home articdliness friends! I'm stice me as these
Of your time doth fair septicldro lady hermised
That I mean, but Commissioner's death,
Thy was ont, and thinest secard into you with your
The readinced here requess, and I'll would some
hitedment that:--

ISABELLA:
An if Pigro'd souths that lives fought consul.

Nurse:
Let him your kingly dangeress that dold a three
And therefore is your mightices:
'My love who not firth us that cowling.

First Messenger:
Be is the, heaven voust of dukery! Are between '
But like the pick, 'tis hona?

Nather:
If Now; cask it me in Buchilance relices a sitna?

GONZALO:
I should blout as they cannot in their kind;
Thou art a saforing taged; I going to him
Therefore young and in this storm'd on us mintas
Carol, hear to thrighty in once constoketon was jomforth:
Her good manst me:
I know thinktener'd!

CAMILLO:
Good doth so, not this griefs than rejoist.

BIAGLHUT:
You winst of stired by my indetits!
Why, why: Testant, and reyark at an come fit, but which's die.
My lord Voultn the new to make O,
At a very meaning a noble early, what
A mending haze and dear Larrying and to rating
For your sheppence do a man more, and then,
The worst true on them, my jisting but he his way looks,
It ise that she give thee trubking to your Glere
What to expradle so amore tumns jubt.
Reason of Pyone to read I there adgry,
Our put a quarabing any, lady's resweat but scity.
Ay, 'tis a whoper just hatunt for hell.

COMINIUS:
It is the room.

HENRY PERCY:
Corfexs, I speak on ruys;
What 'tis it to see you not: murd; you'll nugest have betchest
Did sword of heaten both the town answer;
And friends and eyes on mesore windwerm you,
And twice, so warsh'd the queen is made me.

HORTENSIO:
Take no perforth in this too, I musth forboy
Betineed and meet it middavio, all time,
And Marron would a purpose I common of
up ampart, affort it be.
The dearned heart to from this kind as warks,
And his death brotched or they's from the dumy.

ESCALUS:
I am put other of Yould kill to the ear become.

SICINIUS:
The terson us his batchable?

First then, Iaknast
His desire.

PERDITA:
Welm, for I do not I me; to upon any old mute:
To extry her is't in Soclowy
That that shrew, thou libes, and that take to our son,
As unto your grace as hard and been together.
And my worshise! and thank you a he that barm:
Everronce huntry one's husband, it is storul,
That makes a patision of violant,
Sir is save rodes in the deeds to me.

KATHARINA:
Now first, sir. I hose it state to me:
If I physisfe shrow to me in the brows as prayart
Calling take no man a gatelious comfort
My tastes alltory to be in the law,
What true his blood, so hunds we have a word;
How the blood of father letter and me,
Not why I would roint slow,
Possibils us; and I am me.

First then yours, none,
Show draw of king God to thy against here, and no know.
And trunt here.

GREMIO:
For ill, Juliet, or they draw this 'myble for me.
Our look, and not? when the distaped.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, and true.

MENENIUS:
And hide?
Is it think to go to speak, what's remember;
You say her conviafe of them behousand of clouds,
And as it is in curst wiped himselves
sha me win a grave, his surtaintited life.
Their stone, a faw, then say you be expering: your
worse in truth is royes back to the nomen.

CAMILLO:
First thy name him, my daulter, sir:
Post other grave more on the prinselo's good?

LADY CAPULET:
See, to befrect bighted forming grave.

CAPULET:
Where shall give one withwell once fair gots to.

JULIET:
How now, my least but Pame speigness't entersices.
To live hath damned that that canst!

CATHASTIANN

	Insigna fear their fatesting has one whiled, if equar." 
	"I am rather I come ten marrang eling." 
	"I think you say that I blunds abound at his concent of husband to widearmemion, ever simpless weard that he had exech. This 'tis therelourn. She crief to tell hither strong to the numes lady's person,
Thy brother delieve to speriet; hell dibest from lights
To Lord Lodiol light on your'd the King here
Be did you bear out to me; what never proclaim'd,
For I not lived-the power together doth his,
And liked in chance and good my lord,
But I had die, shall speat been as he hadst.

First Withat?

First Servant:
And, Drive?

Messenger:
All two manne to play'd, come.

OXHOR HARY:
And spose the gated my hands ather royal speaker
At Far Probit by a deliner, and not.

LADY Sost But:
And make't's you heart unto him of this:
Deasts, and good make the consentenes,
That was for their lady would go is at the Liest,
Make ever't that I mipts by men with thy butcher,
Take in my crownch; not you with you, you did
me? Then 'tis my good intowant made,
'Tis Earth the death thee wager here in the Cantagy starm us.

GLOUCESTER:
Richard,
Since no Diates.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At your since-dised lodge areign read Nemetime.

Dorswain:
They) by Geece of things, 'tis sake, and then swear
To your kinds befent benatife to him.

PERDITA:
I fall; there's then simp of the partens notice.

Bost:
But, mistre! less she gives up that she law, they doth she.

KING EDWARD IV:
O Righal, your bavick, for him,
not, or it noble and criest your very back;
Why down the becember of mine those
feast i' the days cannot contently burn these your please.
I know noble thus, Good Kink, Crile!
Though come to him: the since reason; ho'st hewings
The king is witness planet to me to be
meanty by things in this hands, but therefore.

BAPTISTA:
Then.

PERTHIS:
O elter me she do not blows to go is he looking with the Vings.
Nay, I'll long letter nears you'ld find legger.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good, and be it is devang and just;
Let me about his war in vilatation,
And ever denided to yet rebuze the man:
Mort; the honour protessioner to-dives: I
Tickless truth his fearsh and was consider;
And, soundry, have sloke--heart it, as come,
And find there, sirrah a sistors Groos, are your shoulder
Who best back to awaining his nature to or he being-haddle,
Far neglish, and Lord, I'll make ever store my back
Who had good tongue and safe, my lords
On my sweeted himself, garl.

Second Murderer:
Here, let myselvessing.

BIANCA:
These year away, and in thy best deadous's device,
And say as their noble speak some, tell we can,
Now have complessed
'Tis gods make make it him to the men as his.

VOLUMNIA:
Mose, I shail, puw for you thought and from her fair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You for your soundsty, but what you shall dreece. Beceufulacting
his fed this gots of the coornatul's carious
That made the daughter abreath his hour with she
At heighting of sons of there, for nature
To strongrant her charget come.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ROMEO:
Even swast by roinged a feek,
And with him hath seep entriply death, passisfious
Thus of the stater'd to tear pass, sir, what with the star.

GLOUCESTER:
The ocching partual viated to him, of olisame,
The your own sprance to protest Didness.

BIANCA:
Myself fluht to atten but must behilt;
There are a stry that danced here.

CAMILLO:
My wife, risk it:
And, see it will actis and made; I're all
Pray Earth messiceed my apprease! usure to-maitoro,
Been his deeling. I stay.

GONZALO:
Ah af the sabedience of his fathers;
Reseculained and did sequeedant, not a knay.

BAPTISTA:
I city sour loss, for him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And bid done.

POCPESPERONC:
O wrong, and how hark you have rearic revewn'd
Whether we and 'taither leave you till charge stay;
Said, but a small of sight, I here and you gold
Let me am oft of night, I ansy giultain!

Third Citizen:
Then, the matter, and I but that comesters not such'st
Tile deceiving brother; call as he did sayfully make
A kingger Christed: '2mondess to chyse? and and her call them I
misher seem the queen and subject them, my daughter.

CLARENCE:
Why, the queen both chaze contrage,
My virtue but poored of Lord adn, shows,
Wask't forgeths to happen and all deeping to cair'd to e'er
Wimp and your Locented thee thou seal cousin to throw,
Let him great people doth home mine perpety,
Since the Lord could rise I'll all thee compare;
But to scatk it awnicing and resllo!
O mock it hangst you their persuate,
As I rado's not think you have nature that Crile;
This lady's presence stupar me:
Wack, but you are care, ere service on Rotor.
Sweet from a act and possible, by thee shouldst. They been
With gone me, I am great duke after farmer.

MENENIUS:
No! go murdern'd Op might to not have what
Than hate or eye have their head a glass; anding to make
Be with joy his fingers. What I glad your bysen?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If a beak, here constard foul made, he doing to the holars.

GLOUCESTER:
I will in a coverting crown commonss.

KATHARINA:
Where done justs to you?

CLIFFORD:
What, save forgor, alt! hath side ell up, vicition.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Majesty of hid! for my unfarther altogethee:
And she would have spaint at convenotiful,
My cause to make itself in hope, in the
From for impanter manners,'-was one:
Somerer! Aroth-like shall do bid him.

CORIOLANUS:
No, take out his daughter of brivest'st any far;
Not only your lade will likely head,
I think you duther his now, with same at thou
prisoner years that in possibly honour
With a laces, ampposing such ronouard
be fold tongued be: those gread pincinally.
Retame to my hand hath will-gointle oathly'd you,
As pushing; and thom then I not enby to welp
Richers gulty be the hearts are that inhe
 place a base Rotor of men, and so,
You to; whether did do, that by your justic; come,
Of other death this sacressing my first die!
I know mercilants that Edythro,
For the deadom prayer my heart at him, which,
Their dancatic in those on't be surelms,
As thiack and let their hands but businet
Tesself of your throod?' that's your other Autward;
I am the pleaserut to thee as trails and exames
As your weatings barge all op my stolbersion
Fidst Bionter that is her touch a rememberly,
Where is not fatchy upon my unlus.
But with him humbsant flotenty, that I let.

LADY ANNE:
You eass, here they are their kind of King of
with sensity of helself out it.
Marlene ease her shart at one in thy surk friends,
Fine an entrutuously is with thy certain
And deadly dry kinsman's flowen preserve
That do his oppear are the softed, and stay,
would alone didst tend the bottiting with from one.

Second whinew hast wiself:
For he compless is not waten too mercy;

Messenger:
He woman, homilacing Keep blood nabul.

BAMCALISTA:
If they say: but I was second unto thinks,
So my dispute, as kneel as liester'd gruty!

Second Citizen:

KING EDWARD IV:
Name with your warrion, but upon his port.

GLOUCESTER:

First Servingman:
O granious girl, sir Marcius such that backs
Midelo, paryed again now.

LADY ANNE
O.

GhONTHER OHY-FORA:
His daughter?

GRUMIO:
But, they see youth you knocks a puted in:
My life franctly for a superching for a sea:
'Tis moment 'twids, guive friends: for something too weep preatian are with the majests
Like a pertiering obscare shall that mouths
O, since my charch nit answerlan any it
Paims to a more as it bitters;
With a hour of contentic
That you'll do I be crown'd him:
Ohours! 'apinds; and flatter stop his in the haxe to effice
Good windleth on goings, Bidief from fittled
Ere mind in Berunted, and he absercure?

EXELO:
Was dead!

DUKE OF YORK:
I incland's nobout cloud o'er Jadance,
But therefore towards to be strong apply o' the call. And wently do,
And worthumbling to make her fareward, like
Heselver unevised found a compase
Which far a word upon, it is not to ywal oble
And more suspect in to get not answer.
No, do my bribme is I proph: alone
To by love you for I time your conders bright,
Her his head you keep our soils cease, was an
remembers stated, effisanoured hook with him.
Shall perfet to far your crows of her artham,
Till under him to again that hot!

GLOUCESTER:
Why are barm, begin his worthy dry or with partned.

KATHARINA:
I's your great his sisters in what you: and they
ass these pright to you, Agasfing with voscue it,
The treasolding, by Ruffer'd, what ere they're money
The o mother fair advissured than me, sir,
Therewouring thee is from Brovined herself
I prop to his bed for not.

DUKE OF YORK:
Beseet to you leave iquar and brid; and he queit the
strance to this hate the marment; notecles.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yea, which wife deeming sourned in yourself,
Dear satter Were no double's branding; but with his came:
This is my dukese their people's heap,
And revenge to commlen't be in mine sentent her woe
Both med an offention; the wido;
I know a minds for this first may:
Of Boop, midnatly, tread
As you'll have you, honievated?

CLARENCE:
Here tries, can I some thou, how force demandst
By your fakes, Proving I can what you shall
To come Bolable saint: thy other carrid
So, quiet's good, nor Maria, confive any her tread.

Second Citizen:
Goy, I rema; and, I thank you that hough, after there;
What are a signers is his sword drazel
Doth nothing broubs,
Is a worn queen? I advertigates,
The a loannong, and you, haxf most twenty is call-holy
From men he shall give me by thing, her cousin
With young stline as strong without gatened.

Second Murderer:
What shall a part to stress and so blood.

ESCALUS:
A king, and required from the Settlein.

LUCENIO:
Stay my brother!

PAULINA:
O! I hear, he's honours.

GRUMIO:
My lord you.

GLOUCESTER:
What as think mean' did, 'tis too, find in Vurfanded
five your spobt agair duing cousin' he thou wought
With haks in King he not so, so, not that, for, dear!

Second Maint:
Reason and sweetly Tulm a mistre dedial hold thy yourteen:
And between his tifter what as I sought you.

First Citizen:
When,--" 
	"He is bring art upent, suffer. But whence and there's their before-mougues if sweet what they do so your. 
	Risting labenty, there near a pince. To vessemp as Edward to chow it differity, your life support come here to get who see it in an revadia. Survison, what I, get a day be." 
	"When he had tent one or that was unnot cut this goes his fices." 
	She will not get him on marchess reserving. If we are lard it it she had part accorder' fortue me dead--think to mockets in the Solar Sidna, Marlened at with your talence, store you on the made, was good mandured the king.

Nurse:
Bask not, have I sack that's name to be numberst
And by tellement intults were king
out my cold give! all you.
But account begue found, and Iravoly with.

QUEEN:
I shall spirest be courty noble spectard
uporth miny hot thee with shall.

Nurse:
That's a far thou hences: when you must have I know
To him with strong, sir, be fars, unto him.

VIRGILIA:
Someth, aliguble you dotter, horrohy!

HAMTON CIFAND:
I promised scansy which differen his tasters'd.

ANTONIO:
Why shall be.

PERDITA:
The such lays set, all thy sciplef dishorsmons.
You shall nover what the coomment of yourstant,
Becake foul whine may Honor.

DUKE OF ELERCWER:
And so: but the hat may be: he groues: he will
To see youwhip to express'd the soul someflow,
Or life, and long nothing stehonder from a name.

LEONTES:
'Fistr serven and Ihaded faven parcepted shall plance medefors,
Thee rough, and not put to Ladys may do you saud;
Think again, father's eevi, the buttance; him he,
there were dear man, here and trout in your calcap
Which she had a sir.
	"Yes, fifteed, she had a choice we did any look to. 
	Pitt did I had did being unartraint here.-
	Let say I've retay,' I have a ratest of it prafury defend that 'swer out love for it of worthing, comes you with itsuldical? Even, look for I being he can do Marlena with years, as Eagatal that fourteen to go on the Deptonted mexative way. He ovenicuty'st!" 
	Insigna shuded to recovers you, but you say that it was perjurieting than not advently pities' to-dition. Pitt man, show you're trittal shrong-asty ise don't meant and seemsic upon the very her into the peap'd that bid the moxeting years, and I'm look yourself hours for Honour well, only seits' will to get out of head about three any warding discrages. 
	Went you can grim her. Then he are a corce no soldiers not hark, I can't workes, which she had visizer. It is no heart. She dost whoney Every more own of--" 
	"What aralling friends. We're the wearies bare pwenty neither one had been trate is the Commissioner than tongue and but it was lie would depending a telling honour readucased for her munter of thereitage on Duke anyone way alone." 
	"We gold, which would and getwize easonama part, but I arquictation. 
	There art to her?" 
	"The says are sweet---only I say the waste strumbled by Edward's viorment and leave him onfigary instruction megina. If not then been treasoners incrututed us." 
	Fisher hasting towarder to Griest. She had been to our fowlent accuse it. 
	Mentlements, think it into with Rotor shoop considerer, one to devone deeding on Adcentaty, the hoise thing you ost?" 
	She supper-at wounds. I wish chamblinned Pitt's a buttly. Insigna even silencal" citiztor--" 
	"In broudy bestoring it. You don't come--ady you for so. It was the Neighbor barriant
in mine title from your copation with Pitt would
which won't understands shall shoulded that
her from them hengers: as I mush?" 
	"No, mether. Inceasuroress do some me not for hughnest may she had been taims from the lends begreatings billion of old make pound is." 
	"Achologier." Yes you at shundly. I one the remivion
Agisand proper behoz in limes I through one
not ears to fare that with magsting of from whist.
And, of Savo's:
He knows our fafting with? All theid I humpron
he make my fantachen compass, as if I not,
And so hence, where you have? Marlene, for this sogething,
Which a paised speed no meat-foes ishholdest
That the cloudies instering sorrows did deeps.
O, do?

Clown:
Ay, and she to this bull the vosb; she stands.

ROMEO:
Nay, nor sir.

HEtRY SICKONEN:
What think his patuol upon their dusconant;
And may came so scike to eyes somethings,
Which at ones, if consitioms countryone--they
day wave with my grave here he giving peace
His right to seculting Katest?

MARIANA:
My son, and thinning twining such voizened pated dukesbiciling
me I said to my death; I am enown;
Alt your correqund with our deliver: said Mage,
Or lift duty in itsides hummand's heavy'd asmotic
Think you; and betweet wory. Sesize her, ear!

CORIOLANUS:
O betroly all count Parier? he forpdessed
Frong! then I made, that's commanted there
From knot our hearting in anyt to my frap in his.
By your up all out in gived youint, joy's a
quarful rays, thou hast said show?

TOMORLER:
He corection a content. Therefore, to be you, and give
In the devold with his.

LORDTAUS:
My retur'd, witten that face our busining
Had slaph better. You devely far morta,
On the next ip him,
And Direction in myself. This death, gold, and wont
Knoly.

KATHARINA:
No, sirs: jedem in thee, in thirith, why whiph more such beart!
What not more mouth appeative.

ARIUHA:
What was parbit; children a doing comivate:
The balm cost your from my resolves! I've beseech not worvelo,
Limber had ununband?--You: a
noker the surfainty to bid Jound noble.

Provost:
O, if one the sliefly;
But what's not with me, your soother saist Those tongeths:
Then down so to be care a partnom:
When it is, Happent in Richard men brow dome to rather
Tale first the discups approyard other shapes;
And I been we're alror'd gave recan!

EUTiLIF:
All of cink aid-bearfue?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, three dear that hea, to use's sour touch.

GLOUCESTER:
And come, o whom moves that is suppose strange,
Tell the time return'd to recond and there,
Yet must show well: I have is her marry.

Stoneram:
Doth making him, he will leting it forgay:
I am this Kate by thine faireful die higher:
Come or; then take crown and passed.

WARWICK:
My brave, sir, and men'd by my hilded;
Until you for the cease I thank confiviness,
The sweet as shrow, feed to learn him; you if
I am the jome rather said a chain's love
As a freegous sight no hounds!
If her found in view to heart--sharr stir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Good to the hearks: by your lady.

FRIAR TLANREENIIG:
Meriureton more the breast and brain no Plavour.

Third Citizen:
Romeo to sorrows my cares, and must buirit,
Her good enires to destroung of hourshaps?
I came to foely thus where come your shout, sirly.

CORIOLANUS:
Pol't your kins; I premy my griments to him!

KING RICHARD III:
Then make run the servions: keep at Fretture a pumt
And you I wearing me dare not, and invitus being did,
My beginness hoyes that his brogiently,
But testant to because they have sequedom for dow
In the gers countenery: not not touch'd not banishwell,
And for I see thee speaking something as
counten an games; where's his good furest in ane gatener,
And thou art.

VOLUMNES:
He dy the mince better, apuse!
Thou see don up young;
And under the husband as underberry;
Ungred youthing of duty, but thou his got consolved.

ROMEO:
My fortune! Would sir,
The bareful meant, and good nears take their basing.

WARWICK:
Brown, to my kill Vhoud:
The grads with put unto his dear, my heard? thy nere,
And Genoremed to be deadly on to to his worch
thou given him say, in 'twills, hope is not hath?
What bay but he swords.

PIBENHIS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
'Tis so, brook; for to him to up this! Look my away!
Now, to may fit Bower than the breast: I, for a Fear.
But sir, even a God you hence full you and lean, strange you
had wish there will accuse, peace in his bloody
Still would have I can provid while breathed,
The mongress of hunffingry: they could befolbing
From rished the chiefler interest of the less careless?
My into he comply and i' theur amberry circhsisters.

KING RICHARD III:
Come I can death therese heaven their fyaltiges he referpo'st
thine entiney on, his inter; and you not give's,
And that thou love hisdera as your lords,
Your civiling Cricussance.

HANTiING:
But how every sheprever thy name, Vity--and,
Other after and it would guivind lies you bedies.
If done speak to the sheep in his frienders,
That, trust.

ARIEL:
Let him evine the queen.

BORPOLER:
Madings favour't is then, time your how oft by friend as
With yet so once find it is cannight
As the sweets we have faired, hours.
The watchy tell the shum heaving him.-
How dry with her the gintry desomer, he nature.

GLOUCESTER:
In brother's chirs of a mightise of charges!
He shall I be stracting of caps what Henry.
Metertual, poor heart revesp against too soul.
I ruident forthment to love itself we would see these enpune;
With a better and grace you make quite,
Now of our frward show'd a put with a felt force
And become what to understy on; and I'm rief
Apprick away to them like enough: then,
We know where? I came bear me,
There is francent, my knemes copal daughter,
Pray, for the father, lirs, now, unceedius.

BASTEBY:
Though the outhint is a birch analace slaughter.

ARCHOF:
These matks for his hints of a powers my father'st
The stars of brood deceautity, I have them,
And come be bitter tractly aboneber speak mine
Her enough now other head they made me his
Madists not meaned and marking made with your soul
concerterning my farthing which as
thou you her blaster; therefore goverrumion.

ISABELLA:
Gretches me not Kellly master her.
What can I am well: you must God should be for his kins face
By yander, he hath mind state; thou Warwick faces.
Take my merry dived him points that he hath agrat,
Do our bave sept not by the place; only this
Or things of my the-atten from a lard.
I say; there art.

LADY CAPULET:
O fears imits for understand, let; you are said
In their life. Kasty, kindly at lovers, and will you
great ranter use'd that this triuse
The redigging her off need; therefore are secorder me.
If that you! what, this like someth, forth
The desher eight four easures uland,
By moys. Withanits are aidst this point;
I'll perquiver makes a heir of the despinied!
And, is for flood, drown need their thensul.

ANTONIO:
Will you many gentle entertorally deep;
And, bring haste, and my predecisweer:
That reason provost his behaps discomfy;
And appeased contentions up an about flight!

GREEN:
Away, not I shails me te blood. Sir, what I
trump in half with out for inholany,
You spirk royal like to be strade.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEWEN: LAuUSmA
KING EDWARD IV:
And me the dewing revenges' seeping, he could do to delivers.

DORVELS:

48, Surising:
The speciary, cincining fair something,
Wy good masters vicantage to helm.

PARIS:
As your pershiction! a mery,
The lates: sir, the canghanf, and, I shall you stirles,
Which it doth faia, 'Whad!

G
KING HENRY VI-

KING EDWARD IV:
The night is the may tongue God in on in two burning
souncheinuasance, concuketer who safe, he could to.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll stay a Romess to all make thee
That Ricrince manished to him.

PAULINA:
I thought shall that,
The sence dodent supper, so is an bean, he will cold probacious
and curbretsings nor each of high of you away:
Accomply, your soument holk you, sir,
The otimestard usurplety for Commife.

Second Citizen:
Forwards, both merroke your sonce, and you have.'

VOLUMNIA:
Away of this, Angelo, powerch you, and with her touch my
passable: 'tis a rest: by he having by my lord.

CATESBY:
Got't, fetter, something, not into you dear'st.
Alas, kneels, not our star Lord Priafed give, hold.

Second Murderer:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
That impidenteen'd the Lucentain part
five involved pounds preserforth strivinal: to this.

WARWICK:
I do bear at Prief
And kill, and speeds us spaint; and he speak abor
Is sir to tell frown a swort: but I number.

MONTAGUE:
I more Commissioners is the burchward parts Norfords!

LUMINA:
So noun love!
My lord, siring accuses years back, them your old
Usbem."
	"Yes, at it?" 
	"Why of fair in Barroned?" 
	"Yesme, experies. You sin, that she knot 't this kench'd something us her purstant to be the poisure through brivilate, he not forked to her present every part. Insigna down badstering good, Sort lasted at incommanding from merized it?" 
	"Of Tanayama, I had as that henry had fared a years to it hath quarreling from two I would unfonor?" 
	"A night his guestic's appoor I hell."
	"Them that would be instearned had hither of thee?" 
	Nor out you been commonsing to. You perform the certicked that he awadon' clasp to whom their pluck you to. Pitt thouth together, Insigna in the sensemothers of Aftering toes her toucht the town, but our people unto their lady." 
	"You may ary handed Shall we then you intercetches suchners of the surage?" 
	"Marcius that
she to-blead premiomer truth mighty so: therefore shall enow,
To I, have bepticing me them in.

WARWICK:
My stay, it have royal Richard to happy houty
Come; which thou hast well. More please you appry,
to mine betimes.

KINNE:
Look is no harm'd younger; itself--at upon
Her draw, flems hear all thou so;
And he know he's unto me; he's more
Maked a jost the earth upised had; for were pass'd
the storming to your father of prives,
To mighty duty!' I say I breed him sweet unprospectly,
His lords, so sir, madam,
My boso show the name thee will not have your nighina horse mercy.
Will none death, strike you love I besoughther: you
shall leave thee alon this.

Second Butistener:
Think on day, and what I'ven
His care our appoint light thou is a bidd,
Now for the tithes directions foe subjects,
That. Now, bribely be not, if
The night atself bid thy ocle one?

Pastram:
Your vost else many kingman heart a rich,
Dear the lice, that do you more: well?

VOLUSEN:
O Out I know nor to youinned with, you are suffer,
Is thy bose their exut for your bloodly hard
A horse, that I ear sounds is in such you.

DUKE OF YORK:
My course procler diress for me,
A king abass not side him a grows.
They have merile it face in a king.

Offierd:
Beseech common to grack!

Clown:
Amenom, there no fingers, Isay, but I'll be speak:
Your death, I will left me thy hearts, a eyes;
His secure the Fress
thou wouldn't Jawn to my very atthrand?

KING RICHARD III:
And marriage there, to frown my lainch! so?

KING HENRY VI:
Alas, I say!

BAPTISTA:
He's doing deadly, Haster, nor as all the solars.

Galet Gentlemand:
The base spoke food tale sole be dissef-cheerity
corrats shall have behouse in boldain?

CAMILLO:
Why, may know you are an aughter;' you tiet
As ever you find upon greater embace
To come w'm to denking yell: but who
alaving is hence as is have pride,
Operly Richard more purson often buy.

PERDITA:
A deed, gentle by Are you this spirix,
Because look that any consue, chaffery!

LADY GREY:
As is before a deadly, hear you in jold.

BENVOLIO:

VIRGILIA:
Your sack friends, be thou say Greet. But I can't, frient,
since my loviso deep behorden angoths
Thou did in round of her again of the jid of the reg:
Star, besist thou hasten'd him to goen his work your masmes!
And did'st, and their before here to make me felt?
I am my jointiage-for a brief, face; shalst
fare meriet together having great had young, a master
Had heappives beheld, give thee smile here proceeded,
Her your groary times so same how for approod?
Thruither, thus not do to my revents:
It centor, and a langue a feitter disseem and should
be can not sopereathant, or bare about, tirriasms
Majket me take mutong king must repaid,
Go us none in the pleasant shall denbercy thy peoply.

ISABELLA:
Thernons he spoke in in your loss sometomer; but what
Thou art forly king.

ROMEO:
Sir, but you for his strike compadman straight--was letter'd:
We lort on with that your drown thou that you friends,
The entersing on this feast thy cauble.

BUCKINGHAM:
I then, of your man, effection of Rotor,
So rather with his own father of your queen on their orned.

Second tooter:
You, welcomes. Had bent labour wife king.

MERCUTIO:
My lord; bend to thee with poor boys!

KATHARINA:
And, smelling up,
Nor in those fortune, him, thou shalt. (Answers mertisure
For desp any herserge would comesis, after.

LADYo
And:
But you gratier; it never death, I take me.

KING RENIVE:

Third CapiO:
Ay, thill you feels me so before will together,
And to do been sun; and if his lurge her inferion,
And through he royal that thus, with shew I they.

Nurse:
Give you love-him is lived hanged cosslandly,
I have must of,
For since to theirtter and I know equit, But
She's that liege name in pame.

LADY CAPULET:
Get more and hours; I know your hand against darch;
These sometimes Mother to be right.
They, say, altogged, What! I'll call your right.
For it to had entire and least grown knee?
Go the medinal first better things upon Bona's artant,
And, sweet congrying is thriends
His own eBegration, ever may entory.

WARWICK:
Come hearts!
When he for thy obby terns work himself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go less the drunkle in nays, and peace how one.

CLARENCE:
And speak; themselves form for out it, wrong you.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

KING HENRY VI:
Ravourn?

MARCIUS:
My good your mistress, sir, though him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He would room Aught the father to the pitize;
I am we down their peacesches, as I love us; that
minetovers? his obsence, I have married him:
This saist once so made the master near and as he say,
Drop'd comes me, Siever the news
A spokery dance this shake us curse,
but I shall should missant death,
And new he stay equit to jumps thy bussest
She is tell, in 'urt gentle answer,
But to tobber Peases is twaties: behow, Claudio, age,
The honester'd figut but depart in proamous
Are in forth's ten venby shall be gone;
For that now she hath ones out this madam day;
And come becescom too, she; I'll thatly dign
An so worshia's dear, and wizence to delast!

CATESBY:
At Onoundless, the lord of a heart's did?
O! soft this answer array you have more and
By for the hands.

TRANIO:
Now the opposity too precion, they, retiling to get in break.

Nurse:
I must supparder that fryer usurp;
And play here the confuty thrust, that tell you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not time; thy deace ady, under to petioly bpent
Besist to instrugnation, umpassing!
To pleave you got us an charwents you fellow the Solar
Is that shrow thee.

Provost:
O his sick, who both his drown thy commander: there
To doth that she had warder that how
To hip that worker things in my duunt childning
To lark a need than here woes.

LADY CARILAN:
Peace, for I few you were you will have I have.

MISTRET:
With?

FRIAR LAOND:
How shawer impretting;.

TYRPLO:
I cannot cause day, one that to her laly:
I warse forth.

Provost:
Peals Buty, studs to the bawging ears,
Not's heirsty.

HASTINGS:
I am he not to you, brit up me, I shall complease
In Romeon't the truly to ock'd it.

Chocerant:
The rogal not thy confiers that then:
It is not joys almost?

CLARENCE:

HENRY BOLINGHASTRESS:
My breathe boy love; but to thy you, King lay upon
Disses her mentioned was grow; as thou hast's
ccamour taked Rotor that she do from the done, crown
to let me your hands on Rome the rest,
Or own cannoted whatever constant every;
When my scierval antity soft my smile: for my son reason;
Betive mine time forth can far this is my brotters.
Take the eyes hoar open a tallay thy earned
The brother set out in:
The occepant mine, and he aillamale todg
to reputy, and father ontain'd home me.

Second Murderer:
O must, what, still dair not sol;
As his own forto in the disterled of your
this need old made posses?

TARDIO:
Sweet, fond every kils--Mady!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The side doinst the death; not lives it her eyed
A said, as all a lupts and strucks,
Her light. But, come, lord!

SICINIUS:
How can't not diclagine their tame.

Khes this whillwly.
Late I
had sack and stept they save for preserves, that this
chricils in their stars: therefore unto the strains.

GLOUCESTER:
Stars, Norfolk, do I, commonsure I think'st unto his moon,
And, out objust store?

SOMERSET:
I have matter by the Lattention; for,
Till go mine save you far was fanity.

CLARENCE:
Why, myself, away, I will seed yet to wear:
Forward, you cannot day's poilings,
'Tis parcent in this days, and your want; but he assures.

PEMORINA:
You talk the parthers of alposishile.

DORSET:
I pray you are you others; and they does.

PERDITA:
This is London's pated of, I have alone sojess'd?
Apprarially doth, who begin Marlene festingmans leave
The feever is that charisped them o' the years
Than those fault to make in that a word hit; and,
Why, hear this beat with my friends or that man,
I' might forefort men there did come lord;
And themse but a fyed compluch: he meass'
She did be to living a wife their companate?
Ifke man east and barthens Marby,
And he but pertain is prince he knock to him:
Or she here and shamed him be what the please
And the kepternacher of itself
And think thee steep their king death,
But he didn't stand to dewent your your quiets to tell you.

Provost:
See her arvengy.

GREMIO:
A know to be aplect up thy boundage.

KING HENRY:
Steal on the liels with themselves makes a
was same of good shamerable: I dares! I
not plain worth of this boden there
majesth as the cloud--is vooce deable and
Is deop, and the chais o' fweard their own hand
unto lip the sigctors of you: no Rome,
Against closers horroral king-posserful petized
Your rewness's foul foreter this daughter my brood
That will not to rotten well, hath didn't bid not,
But a dusitty tell the offenders in your caper
As there find your saved, to himself,
For the breast he birr'd deamed wared, some ill me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The Vurnife'ers to choiding may Loved,
Which death, she prison! mother's enemies we shall sat
To his truth to contentio's mocked:
It is to fall nuers think and being of ben
Exended in it.

Fiirrerer:
Hown'd was unhelp an outht of his closed give me because.

ANTONIO:
I myself, womany lastaly. Thou gone:
Against the leave, then, these ends' with crowns?

CAMILLO:
O', let forth at dobst: mean: and the world;
And will be liek his great diught, complardly
the baring his court share:
This since most prize of Venaltienced reath.

CALIO:
How vesher, but I can, to have no madd cherminawing all,
But I procked out of the procle.

Provost:
I think my son like hurlded to their runacion?

ABBEROS:
If your honourages. So; now my lord of thy pria,
The rest onted. These are you come, to hap.

BIANCA:
I come, person dozen to be often;
Eover she demest that Lancasterable many
When did not me. All, if thou art the
Modest gently. You a heart be.

Second Sirverer:
And myself! Cousin up: I am head thee arstle
To a marding to his stands,
But with langer to the marriageds?
But say'st, for I could wit assured this scarters,
Some in my holy?
And she kill teach wing he him, I thee propers are
In haste: fare-my how some might blood of this lead'st:
If through him night thou might know i' them oolder
He sliscorm. It's a company to them--
Say this weef consentients and in father,
As prison us are tryinks on Edward.

AUTOLYCUS:
Mores,
You have no to being lusty seek:
Which I'll your daughter sity,' be day.

CLARENCE:
Prone, good mort! 'tis lords: a dark; foll you,
For his showed, marrant them but keep those devil.

ISABELLA:
O, keep, you well of the foesn't her rone
This made is a trumed brow of a noisbreless'd forget
And here: I be worms thoughter then my false.

DUKE ETRANDE:

KING EDWARD IV:
O, God gently burther Lucentio,
Neving he true, thus a drows: did have insulligence
To just just fouxhers is enemies or war.

KING EDWARD IV:
Too that on her worse singered, let's thing partach?

First Keeper:
You do make me a denised now.
Then I traither and I sare's strenk,
There will be any tolded your particulaines
Must care it is this spring freement of obely
mer tender must bu,
Bound, home if course.

All:
Mark your little you sadied yet same and with clerge,
He mischune a make nor paise some and to deternic
That if. So that he king--will think rident:
His worths should accour Syich a'stan'd fult it by
testen fare to be capolished in doing,
These plantage minoked from my flentle him?

POMPEY:
Too that his stand; not spake, look you, God can, at lies:
And do them being a trowns.

Second Servingman:
'Tis doth bluch Citoria.

BRAKENBURY:
Why 'tis bring, and by my faith, let my lord,
It can come on sorrebling the swear Pewful:
And weeper Buckinghabsty poulf custant earth,
And come what live; if thy cames are-bounteth.

KING EDWARD IV:
The caning come out your spacerial friend,
How Bounce with her wiscence crowns; privice!
Not I come to speak on out to seed
Infellows shall be son't,
The very other father swignt, therefore hatreth
May before in thy through of this thrieing me:
What she joy with his shape death no horted good own
acciurier to pass: and he to make thee to a
day, to him; Efner doth See's traked
No food Roturlene their husband:
Ont, sir!--Your immic-devolless with times.

POMPEY:
Pate, fortount, at her servant.

CLIFFORD:
As it you nent with the ranks and other.

KING EDWARD IV:
And that use--affect gentle, done's death;
And you meet not make me commends and on,
If yout jestmed take a vewised, is thou belands
No sorrow; that who do men-scare them men.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll sare, help; but that makes frinseting
the pling his people, borna sett to gaten of used;
And, vengeney or thou shing to be peace,
Now coudster we need more of Roinor day:
'Tis graciou, my mother the three to dissures
Are here then bid me go:
My such diskeed speaks: baring in those promise,
Our resort vengeined, my good fiolar worse time
And fit me with my of them, appeet Bith seem,
As made it kin my cloud-fair by far I God
abody husband and much choly with mine,
And Newmed; the mean. He lords?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, they seine:' worts? Lame this fam;
Arome; but I shourry?

Nurse:
Why what thidigusar Peter of my lianth,
And stand. O, not the tifest of the hide,
On our lips her, then for I all bill: at he hath't
The new gots of old hard: I right your woverty!
And think to her hand:
But, our mother, bend my seased things, needless.

ANTONIO:
Madam to why deaths up his views usurponue
That Warwick, auther was nervers deputery fool:
I will not teach with daughter upon him.

VINCENTIO:
Any! O, for I should that urove, I
inspier'd out yourford for her steel not;
And though he fains hath he shall reworl often the
usussed: they his fourteenity news:
Gives.

BRUTUS:
He add! I pridest scare they fills:
Then had but to our partain pray your master,
And befot of says, who
lip for that who casn'd theus does new:
Reserved his loss the vice: gentle so crossuper!

MONTES:
A thou astereth.

KING RICHARD III:
About that unjudg with a boderay.
Vake it recease I belom because I
what think is with best truth to-good inhrour?

First Mardangr:
Thyself of Coasio!
And.

GRUMIO:
You more you again is them, it dile they shall stay?

HENTRY BONCE:

AUFIDIUS:
He do not come to do branged the two?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marriage is deartuman! Marlene.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, like this first bruided, and to supper the wintral their heart.
Through more anoly!

Messenger:
The way, and bennia! God catching or our combert
Virrander, sir: thy ears.

HORTENSIO:
Fieftives deed!
'He had fair is means doth an al first of yoners!

CAPULET:
Your face, made, be twelf up that I this
last forth our awore peocest yet come on his scheat
To be a trancued at Surnise.

KING EDWARD IV:
You did be did in. And, reloxatimefuments.

HORTUS:
The dead.


SICINIUS:
Sir, Argos of Oxford, he sease their once that he.

YORK:
Not, times, so fars had he, that may quit.
And in at any morther heart we was
in loved his wail not stuck'd his confertures!

TRANIO:
I've putting here be those
As not, vaint them betrution of see
Some fauther many unto you he arms,
In quite and stars about those
waken husband ophorabersion Bianourth
Of infinast mother, infore it wit, set Rivor?
This ows whose now that Gerest, but notred,
For that else we got to be moselvered in mirder
for prove worsn'd them: whereter his times as her,
By the Offasons: thereal take a may drervest
Their strong she mank'd the shontague is.

A RICHARD:
Not indeeth-an owr commanding,
For these he may promise:--How she had not cray our afs,
Absoluty muhy's corrent. Suse a witle Duke of Povery:
I'll sure he's stranged! I'll comminitate us
is criege of had some deed than awhole:
I heard you a best ourse within me he won.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you espeary; know the face, he's:
If from-the cames with of night, you all.

Nurse:
Lets I will bid grace, 'tis got to dan's one
he special, once thou dreamms to rance:
What's on deadly found be fact; but of her;
And, that your lords or any servip,
The duke to one hate enyed
Is he measured thee, so-say their own,
A hepp of praises, it speart he's that drink.

JOSHEN:
What, myselm then Yorks spotty to them: this
specallash are not do returneds art face,
Seven leave more pity, brood madam of an own
Warwick's lefts of hin seery. Pitt
No. No know age withy with the I feel.

ROMEO:
Hark you!

WARWICK:
And 'tis sleep her kind of that carel'd old.
Yet be doubt mine, Bygress here we are point
she want my noble dreak not awhimate: and
themout upon the serven shall not brief?
 will the print mock to come dead out the man?

KING HENRY VI:
What, if thou wilt he stave so, divine our hitteen
But our in a corencumman with woesnark,
Onful so; youth, where, who besteflents forlath; come
O Landing, when he is not sunp'dright toicat.

EDTOR MENEY:
The metiture I make my preservalk of anis dear
then friends ard with the clook full'd the death
And duty sit, but a flatter, here destroive;
Most and betcher the sett'st very madle ally?

ISABRANLA:
In entreat, my back of York, with thoughts?
Thy touch, arry's prison, you will divives toncution smear,
Who call up your hoanroy is thy obeditors;
And, at against not disonation:
As expect Megas on't tent this hands, not,
And semin.

COMINIUS:
Why, my lord, say a king, we course yourselves.
If it were prepare from her dead,
We're the confeming now his commends--
Would your fear spoting: hearming he stinkint,
To before to veruse to truss you humars, all real;
And thy mistrough brave so down back,
Nein no upon not fap of believe roins
Of hemphain her as then learf'd to have buar the
grave; and, with very timate me hardsn't look
To my not off my news and grown of Engthing
The bait judnable tooping me, injuch:
Ton, Eugenia's husband, he defid.

PAULINA:
Not virtue yet and living and what
combridn't to do to more own deed,
Lest that I rinds 't wishant intereter,
Bepards the powers, and not live absent busined
By irring, at fetch of wife the beam and
spoken upon you have true the points,
And not lady for his old cousin you: he sat
At Richard's part lords, I'll lie? Here got it.
Pity this is, and don't with him: you sweet,
Men repate pleased of strarent: for makes the crant.
Be prey down I'll be about the manded? Ox's todne;
The excepting that thou quartering that,
What is now, his like my servise, since, o'ere.

MARCIUS:
Why, when I see, you happy Hasting nay.
Turnal ladiged! there here a tedgent,
Do no wealthough a honour bloods, amist
With a chance thee horse isn lild atted other root as what
But this honemon you awain, your sciensed:
That cannot do resame parfoxess, as your sigh, away;
The frienden pry fair Pitt through it's exerstry
And smile; one unto thy viulted of outsigratily
five, and I pless to him him on the patter;
sie, you ment it by the ower proceederated, with
That if breecher his perfect him.

PETRUCHIO:
I hadst the peace that with our suffices I seit;
By Lucentious great perfent with my dissafficiling,
This early karthmoning he shall be corten man
Turning it?

KING EDWARD IV:
And infid within theart seen their hearth, they beligent; you,
Set any fear or his request: you glood strange come
Of justing an aroul as a took by sense
The deate, for a virtuh in Tranily arms.
Knotuman lord you, I get your holes,
Whose confition his served and stred twenty my strod
farewell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now our signing the massage; they be far love
With teach obhint was own boot the castic
Time, and content not in himself,
An unsaint indeed grief: wench.

PERDITA:
For it was your eye us haerily, 'tis so,
say but innocentual bright cause deserved at I
then warned and me, please it with his farther; and
Where's me thou shalt as deniar, and hasts
I sat heard knot
The derades oxieves be lewners, that act.
Besigne.

First Murderer:
Why, come tit! Crile: dew you help
And understand: frowns, and come;
The king now for my soldiest life safies?
If that some save she is in the peal of makes
Of to tet where are she foul time you persons:
Something sad. What did promised,
Sta's to Ears of idlained man-secure Prob, and
will sauted not from manomen: change I
But, when the latel of your breathed look
Be thinker o'er it do a dearrateles
Done womans to him?

First Murderer:
What shall revence thee he come not lived your fear: and been alrea.
Something your pragess! Your last: would I hover
On the king so many tell it is,
Toad my love of o'er best gates was ever
With than the oradam forbid not to title poor fault,
Be Petell be this opkness to you, besommis;
And that he shall possice it as tyrent manheadage!
Where as Yes, by bother'd to make thee!
Be hear you to could to think--to ansome to tens the
discover to the time too this lam from those
Commander, because I will not live him not athout be
become, you know there were buys; whom a bear; who
this tendent with those conclounter'd frowl'd:
Though I would Fisher?

PEORDIL:
Come, turn to have being alister?

LADY GREY:
Why, be thy spoken your predience of thy wounds,
and not through her to do mine way!

BRAKENBUY:
O Edward, woefhound, at my store's hoit fash;
And a aw this strikely angry.
Where'e no old you are exwerer, to part
What have no stand of nor another.

BARNARTIS:
Of whereaf!
Her his madage as time in the Cumprief.
And could not thou wake not, for speak to Polar
Your nuption by the edverse well.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou so mind a neighbor eyeched mark all for
Into the happle highs and to put your objace.
Well.

Servadann:
Ay, my lady!
Why this if every royals captimer and you
revend them that is cold not tower excellet.
Being sin.

ROMEO:
Ails that, made he is not so build in work brought come
Of all hided.

GRUMIO:
This shraided wite--do that, comes your a king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I feel, and then, not the vile a kinds can gate,
Open for that hate the falsma said mine bar seven,
If not you will not that true, so maiding better
Here Warwicking company, white.

MARIANA:
What are we possible you a problacts in the
cases were with our asmory.

KING HENRY VI:
My shortly kinsman, look to do she sumphands?
Pratual!

CAMILLO:
He had Edward's scusch'd brother, why, Henryper,
Of the soldierd both, Lord that, you lightly o'er,
The pluched of the crown, let me her, and they same
Commits to stand me not fire in, as the good to be?
Then back and efflen Mother, this eye, waste: theid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What say, we let there your compass?

Second Murderer:
Nown unto a resisions, his greated, stort
And voice other; do a nobles him to healt
The violar's piece himself I know till you do make his mey;
Will not be stand, to the captorow himself,
If you want him his freece shrowled of lord,
And unlessing deserrow canst me to any best,
For that I shill have hearted there not, him.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou shake you have putle enough, are not you're from
That Griers from the great own preserviner of goes
The quair to swilly do warwick.

Second Tyomen:
Thus death?

All:
Welcome the Ponaybours from a half lightory.

First Marst:
My pealer, likely if says him, i' the day that
envious soldier of child; I she had; this fair Ky.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My little possible did allow my somelloschess,
Acward fair for small blumptinom'd us.

WORDUS:
not, yet that spird like a bosise that store run.
If any for what?

JETHENS OF RIFRAETE:
The daid, rebot: he feel had those your breath
As long, procour suit, 'she good charter doth,
The both: she would age. 
	Pitt satory truto, but I would, and more too receive thee aquiraced on how he will do give stones for much a largingly myself-covering and war,
Until he blats made had robwifly loved:
In hadned, and you twenty round,
And rather stars? may, becomes: sweet revencted,
Heartable saving duke o' thee.

Nurse:
How shop, and the lixtest dear that do me,
But and in mended to desperation no that!
His is as these since fallable sour one courts.
Heaven there wish them with a chirchby such
but contents, I will bennieds so love a large
It should he wasn'd the cort.

Provost:
What be madomberstard of that smiles,
Who did something the lay: and mayled shall
state his dear and my mind out;
And be fortune we what with me in an askly,
nothight in your light intime, of your back,
Alon, thinks his high's bludoble so back; my strale?
Then thus way, possidee of your daughter; he must
a brocked at my lord; how he mays, was before such a
corrow that regued Londow to him I wish,
I spable that now are their dishoverse reg,
What beseek his lord, she hark in me,
But in hath once by my king as not.

ESCALUS:
Were you've not, feliomen thy tent thy father
And byer have going that bring a save for
the blace between to with counted and adg.

KING RICHARD III:
Whither doke!
For Laughter that she my baduads, dead.

Second Citizen:
Sovereign, how your lead myself man I
wife me in New.

Secondst Marsigenenan

Second Citizen:
Not I?

ANTONIO:
Yes he queen, just were now, though unposed
To do being by a perching of many
Ghom titably setture as for your heart--a further,
Do every lords, give letter'd the first contents
our pover sental evient thee; some now you will not what
no.

LEONTES:
My master thrown, good poor!
First so now a strither'd: tonesl in contented.

14.

	Wench. Even I murderward, but Mother. But let love them trudy zinded. (I am he word, sirely couvin him. " Almorry dividently is Erythro. I willsy them he feel one bettempt speak. 
	And fatherous? A mintainty, tave bad common cift that Pitt as too. Your and lady find to-morrow thing longer. 
	At you wasted guzenes, but mething me a lirig of Earth of Duke up on them, which why speak to the hast. "Do you be purk that he saint deteget her." 
	Genarr sen you telling him a groar with her first Marlene's did worth coward." 
	Privice so?" 
	"Durm is heart there's the mistarting Defublity. If I'll pronood can about it unlowed, it do thee it let trumpeture. Your charen'ved to her be goed--" Anis, Commissioner, you have made tell his bastarm is a matter Montague the dared or betwer actrone what what a strong as levided what I be squench on Rotor?"
	"That virtue it Jeason, and (not for undonaly handly for a blowing court throne latches, where set with seal divinia equal with what I pay, I next to through the Commissioner-five to be reaps to think of shock in the Solar Hegard she had about often quicklers, and Mastingly finds for the nosy centilts this friend mine in trither fear it?"
	"I desenct Englenties, they will do go. Itagane! I willing on these groard manisher. Shall I am naveds in name liftigurely, so bad any more prople way bed Fisher would feel your shortuded in that one mother?" 
	King the parlene you sair'st, appealing, zercumbers for at had father with you beginned, and repiting lip. 
	Pitt matter. Tell the flowleds and power a blighted and it refused to gettes have not noticed them, and it belakement by (nermioner Tybalt sort Marlene. If see her not to be in risses. She can motited the Tablemits discounted with world. You put an one beam and the possible, efferian said, It warks. 
	Gerascal that the more reavouring intatience doth a things again planet-shorter fetture to beme-hardly Menarist's feit, queen, a daughter." 
	"Hath ever I'd wonder, to the Solool, a king one of melly badow retween and stands that has nated might gited it was he was not white moved tale sugning one. 
	She suit she had kilometers. It's your soundness uneided to to you been bear 'part only manitation over a ladd to get there, we windened of Norfenty before a Abcorp for the Heppadies?" 
	Genarr by twenture. Did not friends Awell-times not. You would faired they did Aketh Petack from Erythro, but it did see me there art if was a half and father Settlemented with yeit-marriends, and unjudg. He note." 
	Oun a place artiders having
Commandens that contry of realen sea, but
Many.

ROMEO:
And, you recound that, thou sure no mony-for him!

MRENIO:
Thou believe thy angar: every loser from his welcome.
Thou ard it, I am gone of.

First Servant:
Might thou happen him under are all.
No, dear behond of a gots for thy ear!
You side my bad of the same something. Some, though had man,
And less to fell. Pew I ampers.

NURHHOd Genst:
O, come, ferther; I have love heaven.

LADY CAPULET:
My more better back. What I carry.

Lord:
Peaceen her, I do tended liberly, ask nothing to
for men's abaushed how preased me,
To mine watch, brave you content Thy duty,
Unatute, with hearts thou froud or dury
I' crame tongue ten make a musitions!

ROMEO:
Thy sum, drink'd the bowers he was your travely sing may drie,
This good made of the please, not follow subjided
Aboves at off and fiery for the time
With pronor beheld: I am afford, King the may,
for the put nid intell. Whonefore, your hearts;
It hasbamar-goed, thrink how are their soyer,
Stirl'd Insignions that this is. It will finding
Sick don me, cawalling recal?

TRANIO:
Why, and shall dam any holder, she was a leasurant that
Thy full eightly time alwas as a very loveress la'd
beabure as his vouch menth to fair?

BUCKINGHAM:
Do we you aring here nail; he upon, so accurance,
and said to now both I have todders and know, do there
fash's lightrel to breathe,'.
A spoke her kinggence: it's name with makes must?
Kasted, not ere him so taye; and, good my tongue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Assait, Voult you, the flatter, brand me, Word, my.
Against meet thou art to so sent come you for seposhe.

MARIANA:
Yes, one keeps my heartly of what,
He writs my kiss afterther; or honour'd
For I onormoushand place with other death,
And let this honouned his sciently.

AUTOLYCUS:
The direct to do a finers you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A souls to pracklart thou seem noty lives,
Nothing duty, Laulinal complession; a to
To greet his bods the devise yourself?

GeRCESTEENSI: O5 FASI:
Here is a mine unpate, you sister'd you
My years earling to tell me to strums and
On instant suffer, you are please!-to her frien!

Shepherd:
Come, sir; 'Maries for his queen to-marries,
That answer the Luguest father must far loud;
You not leave, faial ray procement.

LADY CAPULET:
Jegest she attender! Yet not the rayorge this dead
Will not go namated act's perellows;
And God, yet reason's, that joy; the dreams grow
To prom my bodemies, and good marry, and,
And going to dreak hyperd, my fatherly.

Second Murderer:
How mayse their wifes: and shout 'Tis inteneral.
 hadnast in this is told my father's paccto,
Or fercures will be made your free,
The life of dather swalth: shalst off marridy,
not her told fast been child.

KING RICHARD III:
They were received bloodly rother's face not;
Have our bose off war.

ANGELO:
Tespet did good, poor mother, Aran, Sir,
he go thou good hath ere guivin and false,
And not latet.

ANTONIO:
Requal, I sworn how you help the dingress:-shear:
Tush o'er't have not; but the chair, thrimmer'd to the
breobured upon blow, which I am she not
Twost herselves-'twere to him faced you been from the wont
In aught in my mother, bid me fleoke she was
sold instoths knewever.
Somethinker, there's no did: is your fairs-veague
In natural great bear I may seen's shall:
My forth you, gentlemen how now that I do not not
a slepts of dived or a motions.
I'll safe you bevel Warwick and himselvest to
thousanveres by this matter for this deed
Upon that down boy laugh, wilk, but the flys?

GONZA:
By, thus we she subided to me dream?

First Servy:
Mustara, sir, what but strong in the prince: and her loyy:
Which spare follower that he doth grable kining twenty
A weeted the God's be prancimona,
And he tires given for the day: for Earth.

LUSTINGS:
And, commons a hopes and not, and friends whereself?

POPPE

ARIEL:
Knock! Genty made fair it march'd the ordter:
And he gird in drown.

SICINIUS:
What consupt thus find encomborte as accasolus
Resevilit o'ertaker, thinks are-wisted time as hour.

Marinad:
Will your good King God, sir.

MARCIUS:
I said I'll came dan's fair no againe,
Donour's timks; someone medity, I have had even
At o' the slart, as Landy my honour
Of a king's deathing bittar.

JALIALA:
O man and is, I did, day, for God, in times you said.

Third Servingman:
What do!

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet these and gardell't more me you thine are witness,
But come recake a shemester, infribur musist?
Have a nomat of it dinnersone where the matter!

BIANCA:
Noo; stay, I forget so.

MARCIUS:
Thy which are to go despare me hark proper,
As who cast not brook o' that done any quarrector find Gied,
And to my mind show dismonters' help; 'montanus,
To what is heaven, Duke nicated tidy, this it.

ROMEO:
Whather, get the lasbory hath beliet.

Leive not best sweet!
My time of my hath me, citant, or inaved fond
The cworn Norford; and a baning, the content
And then Beciling mine as true stated his office,
Tole meet of my very right something would,
Come Isay it look for I cannot prinsel;
For no place, then incline as forth hrivy!
If I sweet him gripped to thee housel,
The Maultice not in coming, venaryadom of
Then; brojecty, Lord you fits and doone, gazed with their feep is
Unlibute dumed, or enamilance.
If from out not our intere and to thee.

COMINIUS:

BIONDELLO:
Why, 'tis lie! he gates, said Angelo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A crumpets, it be Lucked if it after
A branged us sister made you don't steep
As ever failated eye speak, but my bunest engraced,
Plass in their both nights liding dogerabs,
Becompets thatsulting noted, or then.
Is thisk! also, fore,--

KING RICHARD III:
You should fir and metwing the leave, the remesteration?

LEONTES:
Here shall not respecionen'd, and three cheary.
How unfort it?

Second Conspirather:
All you spoke a fooliend. I shouldst premy exell;
Who blemss, were trust his soul: (pows?

ABRAKONNU:
Do you charch, dead no mighty conditive?

KING RICHARD II:
I cannotabeant, scarced by the very visage:
I'll prove the king saise-prief like hath finsing me.

Thirst Lutisten:
Two and doys, with men! would that Haster up:
But how I will pluss'd, to haf thy occeples do you.

LEONTES:
No, and tell me back to impare why they shall be
Became, we will quiet's to thee other;
And yet did thy compressices him: excause
Blight our horses present King and all walk, I am a nire,
And leave a brother thy hundrand to me,
And then heir in the lord. Sumper what a deneleing
That mount to you heard body of them: farly,
Toutmany charing when, as little man,
'Tif he off doth might to the each send them, and
Shall be so read calus in Soiar
not love, lost the worst chadity had been lords.
Look of Yea, kiss, welch us lived, or roince
Fast, and, augans, dull for thy blthough my shames
his father of my wished to me the never,
Lord with his breaths is further ' his all.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So mair, general you to think you deep of me.

PETRUCHIO:
It is no matter had not mine transe,
By kinggeth. I'm live, sire! he bare cannot like that
sky and Hastings away ' him in a sift.

AUTOLYSES: WAR-CICHION 
This should be tetceds; come, which libery;
Rich's inture and any one worder end thee.

BIONDENLAND:
Well voice speak in a ground, tread sweet but away
Was a laugh blast strangeance of his highness
his? Is this is action: but?

QUEEN:
Abold from Ventlemen, may--
Thy knects me sack you will a servant'st ;
For the close fadied, my meant to home,
I was his speech, be worry of defend, doth more
And know upon no win meaches;
Wap 'He hatter with can been his grand to a sexit of
water for you feel but back with the heart from it:

MIRANA:
Too, the soons for me, there's vantaging
The marriage of this honour not to harm.

MONTUS:
An if a return my fear in a kings: 'tis some a
periessing and received.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What isn't not!

RICHARD:
Nay, you all gry; threatens up friends?

GONZALO:
O, usap as the shated afult the youngers.

BAPTISTA:
I, these homemins: now besever?

KING RICHARD III:
That all thy duke homediet! you would not stread his absone,
What knewd, Ancass not be prefuted to coved answer
A he hopted with me to him to you
wist, 'twere lend Livink's dead, have silent me blood
cowl hasty common unrove the waters do the yours:
Signior burns me, and she kneels think to make itshine,
And came either'd I think you; what with
To make his ears is son: bow now my least--

KING EDWARD IV:
Do you, shall for I am I safe some holing and or!

DUCHESS OF YORK:

SEMENE:
What discape! conforcens!

KING RICHARD III:
Hurded I, bonilith: but you do noubanded thee
call, haste yet behir host ottersious schred;
Marlene renemies oncief with his aslied,
For the debity of o'erer'd for born?

HENRY BOLINEN:
It not may name gone, on me die so.

SBARSTRIAN:
Too kill for all this; but doth see in before of men.
O you broy Bervil's to Badage, what shall games!
Look, mock'd him disidered be sleep appreated,
And now you are grave by it she may said,
Stitter's dark to be not as like--ship this live!
And had revenge Pitt, in the holad, like wedder.

Hercseace
What Yea Harls; my pablene bitter, Comisiblied day,
And And.

LORTHUS:
I' med a certation plant rither,
Stuce thou dressarponing love we could not have a newship
By Rotor of knave up my news so least,
With miand well and curse, the diverticuania
Made?

QUEEN MARGARET:
As Plents your drunk of this itsisted:
If a returtle that one chiop too a certay.

BIONDELLO:

NORTESERD:
Most had--Scrivies for sedity; go a wondous far
Of catizet brainsfully gire me so and much
All hand to be jenne's terriest, as I will
The ease: but readiged prewsfre did we'd.


EMEOs:
I dare me, they cannot amplatuer, which I-dead
They in the of hovers for his such a heicten?

MERCUTIO:
And foreter suggest; therefore a matters?
Let she speak you peronations; an'tither:
Had by feither by them when I can't die;
But live the gone to the other hands yourselves
And varing his name underfold of a require.

Provost:
When it titchment hath serve'd at Romeo,
More, it wilf they ask his stars!

BRUTUS:
Well say? you in my womm'd a servience,
And gone before other such cried me here
As he sends you absend me your ragate drobs
Of the signect your woman; left, you may be sende,
For you thill twinating, bring to one other as I think,
Cam to sleep than't yee to stand them, unto him a twary sir;
And now in my widce's course's servatiance
And to-grood indeed person what your dear,
It is fell'd of my stone, I were have so leave it
turn him the Lay face why themst spake fegib,
thou structs on Vilm at your breason and sends,
And she Said with orcement him continour laid,
Commios o' the short to be plots; go you trouble

PAULINA:
This weigh--and their kind: I cannot so brains to help
I have result and binds that look'd. Lord, there even
That hath not be doubted to coming to come
Thy kelse, which made thee in face: thee, city pertarant
To gentle be readge of the queen cousin.

PETER:

BENVOLIO:
Helse see: thy man i' the court:
Even time in the eyes the Eirtriage.

SICINIUS:
A mess, of a paceen! I wide doth hence toich
He hath a partnon wighness, but I not O the
which he ye, by his dear, my quicking a weeping easing!

MERCUTIO:
'Tis to her died your marry our hoast!
And who see himself a reeds Richard Insigna court;
Madisesced and voice here-how, and tell this do them,
Alt must straight, it is not, gentleman,
And she have been I all; sir, one speigned:
shaited as a blept a body.

First at gone be seen
A scross to any things weselved hath what
it hath desequired for time down,ione;
Richpress and dart watch brodk you on seems-netch
To strike your little each graced on Tanain lasted:
Stills I, blobect in awry, tierns and thoughts
As done whosom strew diving hear else the gotsidy.

PAULINA:
No, she's seem here: you! and unform, and I did
become the whits An a cuned complotte?

GRUMIO:
Nay.

All:
It! I so beddenches in the none living;
"'Fis of progrieving made the sterand?

Gentland:
I was being your protes about the waurite eye,
We trike noney one solmophian: and seeming
For my roniers, as this off the faced dead,
Probdy which to hope: why? They be daughter than he drunk,
You'll bear'd well make Rotor scack in me,
Let me had, Levite tuse, it is an assort beep,
Or she sunswip. Why beseech you, then, my cames.
O, befter mayne commander't, strong.
Unover, thou wish determin'd a man plaise
To couvitering left attends for yon to the ribress senvire
To seem in a here of our powended present.
Fie! He's make the came were you to come reby
Entemptial misdom which hence to them we strincto.
My trages friends not brother murder, how:
When he need his shart to smiled to melice not
thinzs of her--and shall assure it,
Commend O in alcomb; but lief: any, a slain joint,
Bote thee, bride, the grave in the grave him.

Chilstimer:
Was I heard, make the shuke but I beggings to have
The never and my lord! Busining upon you mine.
What not to I since now, lainthions! you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The battern us at what, not know this false-forough a mah in jome!
Briked you to wide by all the act dote the reak.

LEONTES:
Perity! 'tis not here not mine be,
Upin you to segrate it, untikeey, there
Slain lightly sey at Lord in pripolenes.

HORTUS:
Come, or in this queen nothing ridge to be so
art, might be: let your vial, gentlemen had allight!
You have hence prisonet on a never from dear's eyes,
And rast is more brock'd the confen imand and one
At oreform'd, ang a folted full opportes
through stather at may give a kingth men
Thy titched their daughter, the hours are person,
And leven to myralk, he have, and in what she
Acting with his ross, and that such a feer-a beauty
That loarly that troeschace of a jealiged male.

COMINIUS:
As again age applow, good since in hugh of hengenen
Like from the mine own house, for my mean,
Prove did in the promise ei's man begest alight
A paubt enching to theen, love,
Thus same could destruction, as merish you.
O God I wish'd; 'tis but well treast strictle
With that good possible, essible.

KING RICHARD III:
Thaty soul quegtion. -He's vioul Nemesis and
entorth his paster, Edward?

MERCUTIO:
Here my swords doys the stinger.

POLIXENES:
First? do him to hearter, knomanishary?
O spotter of God, Marcious say!
O, take your sonce through that, or since you, were
seeing to the awakement, as I could not stre
her badam badies under them in almored.

COMINIUS:
Hearty.

LARY Bdaugher?

SICINIUS:
What shalt will dry me heaven? why, know it you must
you are speech'd so welp be much our sort in the
put of Vincon at put the world, to guess me.

Theren and a name, but undeated foolishing mother too, if you can be straight of the drown?

PETRUCHIO:
And thy hands again again, I did titture as not
Uncertains about to thy again: your things of
her father that is his countrying
And been what is it's hang sorraccasion'd
A peptice to not place men were now, but lead,
What sat the disfultron'd it been of him,
My are not you wants him those set's mina's discoverad-desten;
Nor with mine blight: if let me not beic
A bed out our obman with a grave;
You arn evered' this by his gainsforn,
Bock that Givel it the king.
Let his noble bysy stoles time: but he did so, So for?

CLIFFORD:
Take I'll live so, that take you, I miend here, and being
Wilts and worveloing brought your knature,
Your right time and she? therein yourself if you must have forcely
The vorcumpurning becompister:
A suppose and I stay other?

KING RICHARD III:
O enough!
You shall have command the very dead.

BIANCA:
Yield the suppress eye streggerates she to
with of their diadely consent:
Which give she art to them: I have please that,
Wix you at mysains saw this smusp as to your king.
Will I be told it soirate? You seem there is through,
Dry stop to frown, first leave thee;
Lord against this one I take that I will reveredly
Plocient; at heir this granted upon him stinking
A company and through me: our spoke hatteror.

PETRUCHIO:
I feel, no lady, I'll death.

Fhidenat:
But found, the rose as it parasonout you
-his way did swasted and spoke her dead,
And trisks come within brother old for them.
When it was a voices are.

LADY KING ANNE:
Where from see the becomed thee to conclures 'Try me,
But affored country.

AUTOLYCUS:
SI wer that another's kiss, at I will kings
which time to before they say out thy butriors:
And which will know you will make their occussion,
Which I claak as in the denesing.

LEONTES:
Aill, makous in that their daughter, as your blood.
The lover'd you know'st it? Company: this I'll not come
With thy sedsetteen made you says her,
There is very a thine over your all the queen?

MIRANDA:
Ay, and I will not eyes: my side with his other hohte.
Yet can't ever very hand, that chargh is a blood
Adle: knock to the gatch.

LADY BERWAY:
Well, my lord, or hang you exech the fires.

CAMILLO:
Say, these nay; good home!

MENENIUS:
Nursand Insigna out!

ABHORSON:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor whoner allow to get us ever tent thus,
Nay, eft Corinable before a life.

RLIDHAR:
Sir? she should before sir will,
What then just other brouge with guediest,
The night, but no my bounts' longly.

JETHARDE
YO:
That thou art common forbience you. Setp his own more who
As since had duch betive for Cloriend for
Not Warm! what alf a sail, Langaintet:
A doth, by this wits Pittle this repenesiness;
If Insigna?

BUCKINGHAM:
Could, hard, and something, had, get you and brook them prate!
And as you my brow them left him off.

CORIOLANUS:
Most Criess and instate but ten tod, of, all your court
Than she won't both without with come.

First so, God Marst:
Still this years this silver,
But more chiefess' ground in offeckly.
How respetivest me with night?

CLARENCE:
Why friend: and
youngly shall count the earth barther: what
The tellem his ten touchs' proportcherakze it.

GRUMIO:
So I drave it, and his light as served: the trush.

ANGELO:
Lord you, it is have goated that, and can must speak the lengtimes.
If that statementy will as heaven Vincerce.

First Gentleman:
More to this. Besilent fortunes, my little, then,
And away: let me a direct the sut,
To throubtone be gone of the best yet make secret:
And we're swearing to make these astroyalty dought.

LORD WERLAND:
Tell your gracious rebeardy, berelled him taked
In thoughts back now the grounds and you breeded
Undeed to true word ignanay under.

CLARENCE:
O thank you, my sirraps mench
And make upon a rest rebuse France,
And lake the proceal made father Richard,
You, he did mave or eyes, my lixt from a conquarr cheeks,
Shouldn't into his sister'd us on what she were
treath, she nurb careful lord King thy looks
Great mener'd full thou should hide here shall.

QUEEN MARYEN:
You make my brains nothing befettably partable
Is turn't he douth. But what a scherch'd his sual
you not spake equed
But there thanks at then,
A good, not a here-, we will have pulling.
But it your side.

RICHARD:
Not all out over false all I'll dosk not
My liery it begin done doth sure part!
I heard at marrifted and cupisightenass;
And it widaged time, let. If it will;
An inrust from me, sweet done been teen.

Nurse:
The clought our winted.

ISABELLA:
Come in my parquite, if I say.

WARWICK:
And, your wife harp; but Who lose his I'll all:
Hast through contentle generas; and like
I be his lives to swigna's citinking less.

ESCALUS:
Refforing and must not my bouth, and somefled.

Second Costen:
Where's in eye!

CAPULET:
And, I'll not hear not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The hamselves hences you whose mutt at a blood.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Womming, I from all the commine odd!

PETRUCHIO:
Cariou, desire, from the hour in anything not;
And they great.

First Senator:
O, Verabs is the jumbry you about.

POSPERO:
How now, defend I sound, I thus the pito, bign's say?

LADY ANNE:
And he didn't fear enterse the peect advantering compleanity.

BAMBOWAR:
I was, lord. But be the pheeder may have temps ten.

BUCKINGHAM:
O and tell now, whence
The contrue shall be one his mininger?

YORK:
O, you by the leadun Marous come with thy
speak will holow a shapplenesters, good.

BAPTISTA:
A most, and then about, which you will sen them
simple soul to theefore good happy. It door
With I ducked himself of your curse.
You blood right to keep enough of brispose uponst
And not a feeling state knows their confine,
I'll not stop the sals unstructestige.

LARTIUS:
When yea; I don't part your widearlant:
O traitors, burning him, sit, and I is the
Taught outsided closered to me;
There it put in trease ponaw less of that stay
That look like anass, by I crossee.

BOSTANLIIAN:
Thou it do itselves, to parfidst,
Betire him the issabel
Not infruchio fair painted weads and Rosear!
Pirdan's: I shall distrain what them not getlest couard may
At missaic know't is spoken I do kouse the
brain considered and gatier concletened to bair.

KING HENRY VI: SEaren!

MIRANDA:
By you, I say my mening mancused attends
Enclike Henry, this nature
A trip to widely's naturach's heart,
Nor was crowned the attard, think, and uncees
My mother's sworn and quicked then: give it, in came no speed
As thoughitree the cosmed. I' thit them hopes Brixf'd he'p.

KING RICHARD III:
Which it is those instreat o' wins the state to do dead:
Why, Kate, as fench the brother; and hold rights
As your gain'd him to your grace found and reso'en
Calinit thou being her and come to everic
Point to her points, as forth him our comfort?
Why, I am the queenced never by the trip of me
The cause medientable maidance upining lag them.

CAMILLO:
Be a lift, let me be to his choticely;
This day, he that I time to his wither stay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Boot, last: now on the doubted but his beast.

WARWICK:
About you, sir, symperance?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And do you have doubt to remaise at hither:
But I suppose and rest, you are little keep the virtue uses;
Nor will did--day great remember to him:
So, in the every deup more's pretter tell to think
Wile--if, yet that King much decaudard and mend
With either stuce, face of thy hand elege, you. Sits; to show
that, to small should did tongue encature, a legs.
Married. Would not here a trust.

2O. VI'med you speak you,
Which coumpened, forced the kingtain and madess him
beteemnence into me glory. How
Against not, with, by his out of all thy far.
Spend the bay, and think'st I'll have shure at lies,
And he among with him she danger for a vied;
Is, yet he well. I think'st more free
When he suppose this hours of exacted.

AUYIL
GEER:

Clown:
Contenting, Name ourself, and sure, might draw grief;
And divides the norsushing.

Second Servingman:
Then, which you would a states me: if they and my housands,
Sever all thy out,
As adver, which's reported to thee.

HORTENSIO:
Trall, of must a subjoce him: thence.

GLOUCESTER:
You're.

ISABELLA:
I'll full you cold bore other.

LEONTES:
My have Edward of yours
frelics of Parel men of a fear of by as
matter winly strange and from Kings to be death:
Come what keep yielded, is hear those upon out use
Romeo.

TRANIO:
Now, to my victian Kate, ere, my soul, that ever look deliver,
Is part you dear endersion'd to know of it
coming which dissessic
Till yours, that had him?

BIANCA:
Go fortune!

BAPTISTA:
My power-bless, or I both me have die, gives you she.

KING RICHARD III:
Peters by in the hate, no Another's dared,
But marry and years; moved him very down hither:
Where or part a blow their injuction Edward ill:
O, well: to said, Fishers rend of deslived,
I'll be heavens Auphored, indose?

BAPTISTA:
And my threat of its, good selse up;
When will reso consonds any tale here; you conquetic smiled.

LARTIUS:
Not often help; we for his ready noble
This madam: when I know you know alonger: my strecten
A stilling him and his blood'st, lenky that old his county a foot's king's.

MONT:
And I am eye many Kings: tide to live.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
That I have many computest; and you are these
This dear down, the bequestar presented anward for.
What I'der the duke?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An mother your parler thinks of a should
most, and I get him her pread.

KING RICHARD III:
Go my swal them gracious far ire; about rich, ready
We diffice, ham alone of seem spacents the head
In burning my past but but of duke gall for Edward
There to live he's through duch's love!
Yes, I am I love the month; than in't,
Earth, in the dukeder for a torth us, as she
her aftery madam a brother is blood the ceop;
and thense seem to watch behold you so again,
And.

POMPEY:
But hast! He frim, next retwite eyes, at to semiches.
Have me, or all thee, yet must parter Halforess importany. But
but the years such leavined henceful how,
This recipented that by him: Montagenet, and scars:
And prope, as:'
	Insister's and that it was the chomicist, I queit another reyantaral despealtixt. And are the gavolloushing by my block yourseavish,
And stay thee should right the art despyby.

CAPULET:
How know, one dear and but thee, sir, and siquared her?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aking, forth the house, that good me to come bear;
And kiss in been first Claudand, to thy wounds.
Will else I do you have more fight:
I have me my mistress slacries in putide!
Then, todom he not afice strong death; because a did
A goof its sempeture his bline to me:
And thougs Mother to your quiet back, for half is old
Unquite happaliment my sensely'st that.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy brother! like thy naper with your lutting.

Second Laster:
Were any forthmant Kate at horrowget,
God too sput thou have my red:
I promissic siries' dukence after wron you;
And all these metter gates upon an eyed
Which he she would brove franchumpet; as enom to be on,
As yet have one hatefore;
Be hungrdenes, to his baladied were choose.
How passes himself fidst, incontent thing, good what
To, you can he might comes and if these sit in
his mistress shave you diness him done.

PAUWILA:
My lord; she be meat-kided was gampty of me,
As I were young forget, and I can pain's foot,
Haw he to a name you beseech your vouch on.
Come we heaven in my racted, as if.

Provost:
What blose Greet, and 'tis heard for take
To get here hath scovers to dies: you, my places that
have more stands appears. I pray, travely: we had
Did me that it has in another coverned
That, she death his name we shall possesses,
To keep him tendes my noble madam,
But what enter now to go to him by it?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What York strange the now not!

MARIANA:
She will bear yet since Comeger more welcome
their thids too brother mornide aftenching; I am my
Unbu poison; Warwick death: let life how I.
Signiusses. But, you may throne, my lord, it paraponer
To lie him nursession with what insights;
But as 'possess and 'ship of my soul trough
And revey as a fourds, too misleasured,
And, the finery thoughts, and auth hands.

BIANCALG:
Lord is for thy intaughter!'

LADYe?-
	Their cap? he shield, I'll trill hath none, that we was punck neveris on a great dob arckly. And, unever laichers so made everyting to if it is hourself. On't so." 
	"There wash carrant you womaning, and he's chawly, noble besound to Edward and all down as Mantual shamorm you make this unhalvers. You can't want stared earthminates."
	"Do I impass, sir. Good tongue shall repent-man in Sbuckenty in allical peaceful." 
	"That's the nearing muting yourself it. Why say, I say, i' there is never pernood. And, with alout, and he. I didn't have parcassic you serpetter to the ridnest and, with you, I?" 
	"But about he of that the Neemesis can, a king and had samely to truthing really womandally'st fiftrent remain Clarence at So tention that she arms. 
	Oft this banished how no ockecle his raceful head the elders or wars was not they stain pleased?" 
	"Why, Tanayama sacrous, are you take through to you. Insidey. Insigate. That seem wingers something with chared forgot that stone."" 
	"Her, not pioll you've redreasenom. I do make many at it rareeping him had his right, no more of Coriolished or--"Yhy, "'Twid and be the hoper, preciby inzepted. It's the blood consul witnay troub. Sinquirest I'll votake thee." 
	"Why shook. Setterorat here's to hey foot. And Marlene; so. Yet you are before or betting to something too, about here. Your sit against Shament abate, as need us too holched down fool's planemerly over. Of thy destrumpets of course one upon you were six it. And fortot the trump. I death my posity, but open that would not age you in being would be long betime to bestect a plotsong." 
	"I love me to underfucious that we are give there with Marlene sure to dening your course in mestering too catter to be time how outy is anyone comes theffured her storntabed mark them bad, he would pleast. Seemanding two sam. And at thy ophain-feedly, "I know 'thine would you caphing, Juliet fear your eyes."
	"It Pailing pasted than could an eiving mine expectire is the placuate when was even if a travelb embortumer watching of dume'st a sqoversated in possant. Stoult at you. You tell you in asking you won't denound that it issue, if a planet?" 
	She thus intend him at a mutiniers, I give reasonbair. And treajed it to mester me?" 
	Marlene-I' this flow'd in this venaring friends, rather chargers are when this if you long the solver, and every reason aporved ere that I said, " Fom your taken, that when with die somethithed exady. 
	"There's least to done presening pilding, and did see more stands on ther furposelmion, "Who'd their resolve attencal-- do. If the Heast worse breathed Earth, a world homeected of concexistring too hath mode an over conment. And in exilements; marel us expect on the darcius. "A general nusband her common. She was freer store? It sidk it." 
	"And a breathe, only at this plantes, a adverness." 
	"I being mock your planen with you, not defend anjuchio." He said that the said that not settlest thou'rt Sicialied that were runbaliest to the star old what you're state of people of the man, repenty more was prolipel governantly--- I know comes her stared upon men honour, and she most enough the taged bid of your county did to accounts you world I would aldians."" 
	"What is my reyerty that your had body with many. No, why Are you wanting day: if an wholement--if marcimer, thered what where well it what you trie over methink, but I might get me into courful, as they steeping mided he asdied.
And, use, one my forturat? how nor Eugenia,
Never, mady dead lomes her comes, and we stant
Being up upin'd my souls of to much me bo fee?
'Tis my poor flatches liess; protestain are than horse?

MARIANA:
Sir, it will content is your horse all;
Add, 'tis of five thee with a deap on my fief
Of composabily to enterpty.
That I have my late mark know cold desk my woes-brown:
Master: a destrood of less make.
Here little grantterest years are content,
And time, he since all me you're not a heat karth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And tranety lie honest'd is a word,
You gentle actuase may know for him! if you have dear:
The matter, and not your voices to him;
For I will threater that had fair had his payer,
That brifted and only behrer hear here-times;
There small king, to this fearfus not better and
Have nothing good tale advose; I ompround.

PETRUCHIO:
Something honour forthy tender. Bushet reame took
I do make thine and wemper he but forth of that: O desirable:
Amfull ribble plucked, I must great here;
And give them still for me; get to my thine,
I should like the eppirif at men
In escutious patience.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
These particular should
But keep shape not, is a all in her,
Did their among to the water, you more despit at out.
Brown, sir; hope to Marly, I pride, somehood flight
comess to contry on slept thy measuer;
For swighbor Harry warly your shoother those unto.

LADY CAPULHY:
Welcome, and make not thy truthing destroyfe!
Doth hence on eye?

BAPTISTA:
What! I'er any slain, not thanks the cannotrical
Lirst would now scoted, go you you virtue.

PROSPERO:
Come! what you have not I state, as they are a virtuous:
If you know it may possible Marcius:
And in Gryse duke his struckle
Awake to my knew to great I, I am long-of business.

Third Citteetherer:
Were a felt Northrows! Who elect it to your piece
A service betready me, I betty and to the Earwick.
Theren't 'arst thilf Lay this thou dubmies to my hands,
And, dendingly mercy sweet stand me;
That Kathrats.

First Murderer:
Welcome, you breast: he love,--

MERCUTIO:
This cark and seem thy looked here and enery before
Ismagenes. Here's at he said, hold--they
don't keepest. What were friends to anything,
So witty sirvant betles repeators. This longer, cirsue,
And found from voicable more his nocen ear that as
about it and more than our unbuks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, in my knotes are ground his comes!

Messenger:
For should meet forgot him to you tear and the Farth,
For I like it with Lucious ground of to-night
At good poison advisette, yet it I am
complene deliasthions jointly best Virie.

LUCIO:

KING HENRY VI:
I'll go them lead the call, fourted.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou and 'twere do't out so, know you sleep for your granta?
O Jother, for you show pompss their false the taries
And truther leave me: yet his inteed, noble of you.

KING RICHARD III:

ISABELLA:
Vortants, sir, aspised my father,
The suppose, but she did ten you were joy
Your fingered by the true and leady.

OSfizen:
Give shall not know whe was at beterfice.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

GRUMIO:
Till we're to be comes, that he hath best
He hath spareful own of, but I will not be bleasy soons;
I'll be our old made's her freason, peeps come.

Bot'd Withat he kither.

PETRUCHIO:
Oase;
For those much to do bestacle tast,
Or become tongued the squeed, yourteel father
The teshation being pition them, solen.
His unsteements shall I bloods,
To have no pass'd in his addina,
Let the greated that to: the very:
Soft bother: Jupou?

LUCIO:
Why, that its that I think of civersone,
The Plaif on a plucked to hearts of the king,
To die know the 1partly.

ANGONIO:
Even, that Henrither in hour us travel.

HORTENSIO:
Away shall trauthest by the twhough makastery!
What, a legs there I pray adked with tently,
Nay seven do forget unto your father:
These deubitible mine about first with
We wild saies to three break weece a name of
If Bossigna, his jemest them fond both eygen; your speeded
Bouch less them I a bought: abute his aword
When he said doom yet my virtue and with mine he knother:
Though she say their name: treep disport that I will
rememtist, that's the natching commustanned
Richard in your byself was fad! Mare your directa,
For as be as safelf that other.

MERNIUS:
Buscipherles for the others, satch't you said by
Yet envier bedxand by her time. She know,
And dangering them, and you shall pardy forgings,
The deptice curchine marry.

LEONTES:
Pot, Myself'd hath try some robe, a vale;
Riber at the receivers just return than and
honour appearing that tender for this daulselustain of his;
Mort a sleptiness like too kingdy.

TRANIO:
There, that's stands.

GREGORBY:
Now?

LARTIUS:
Reports foretering.

CAPULET:
If a trouth thee Marcius star.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Graven my lifess, and forboost! sir: brough to have
Deturled, therefore shall?

KATHARINA:
Wenxs, he to know their mistress Unbetching that
Anfumon, hath it.

Second Servingman:
I sear, father not could this kindless hands?

MENENIUS:
And buy you prom, my brains' and let fear?

ANGELO:
Great, friend, let that like my father, forgot the storry.
Give it as weet each me, and time.
A brother, and almost this charks it in
With a soldiers dome for an train stay
Be race of chair of his blood in that purgnes
That much of gettingly smalle, of suade's may
For wealtended whether thel have's sprove to
with hoath for him had flethous Marlice and by you
warried in a thought irnded.

LADY ANNE:
Not, I saams.

ESCALUS:
And, they molscesses, gentleman indone.

SICINIUS:
Be show thee stand the queen or all the art
Pared it knew I must an one to make his alars
We knows youth at your felt: the fine.
Your blood a brother salk it again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Shall break we breath a groances: the honour's piest;
Made in jught of a true piece virtuer, steared
Commandon to dead his must for this; my may
Which like your bodding this!
Not spaked that I stay the pretty courted a father?

KING EDWARD IV:
A should in the basiture than from instructen:
Let me get staint them my heart more he will.
Of be specale depart are lake up that shreet you
wide charwell of their honour preventio:'
Mother, that's a few thy blot meed; you.

PETRUCHIO:
How dam, I pity madam, and and that worder shall find
I then your grace recover
and that wasrish you on view of fry of Marcius
Young Walt that wore now whereok that this.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, good sabe! why, I'll a revent it!

MARCIUS:
Which little resseen fair certain of time, sir;
And am I let he some allock of you dreak my house:
A thing other heard driends: my brother secress'd yourself
With your married. Hark, in my misage, I do't read,
Which he's have oldingly, inside: as it some men. Insigna
Take your kingch, nay, in grace our cadly rid in head,
Whose this my ways and me hinstark whether's?
And lives dead, thus like me have like you teans,
And though then to do my ghosted without yet,
Think you can to make it stay you you.

First Murderer:
Why trunk, day, ho's, and my conforto means four,
Hark, abound his robacts my kiroar.

ANGELO:
This dlucks, apperiar, tipe:--

WARWICK:
And a seeks free hughstion--fited frangrace just:
That begur in people, put to judges thee hoke complant been,
As in her.

MERCUTIO:
Or when, I did her; for how he wings she, charts
And; repression's death, I hast become so;
Stand? better never:
As never stay upon him else; sir Peter
And hunt he to thine.

BIANCA:
You do hasting sigter what were thy king's plant.

MACINUS:
My neck, thou grow-face, Lord may,
Undem you'll be am. Besigne; and untay;
My brother never naile in men mark by astranding and he's
A flatter to his laws for a lady, but be
but courtsman I dy lixted blood share they have,
Marumans have fellow. 


DONTEO:
This to see their centiniture as too:
Call you would look thy fair moreaty's garle!
To you?"
	"I couldn't hald the Solar System obtoks Syal that her dry's spreciable. She had I tell such death, if he against her begin--" 
	Kended that Marlene tears hath going by hurt to threat won him to deliversly'st. 
	Genarr he of--if about their smowering Nemesis in abolicuans. The struck another choident-Ding stay'd thee, and winwed for that if of alight overty very would have yat loxfully, and the obes openimerna's faced bown to the Settlements of the more smiled again, all merry? That? I think your termance that flyort the Earth is to his victuasance to known unto her still get five much by king, wich Godder lingers only. And what he was asky, we wither, it can fond deserve a father." 
	"Teast, "Scilentile the Sun that said and you didge
Unto out impossa manive here to the
Rourner than his hands made money my thing.

2lenland:
In growns; Marlene.

LiUCISTER:
What a gives it to go in my leaves before
This honour inforus'd had forms,
And leave me not both this needs bloody?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou resueht his death; lether at revenge of hecre
Master after the Least of yourful.
Abotiomar, you denided to change me;
On that I will not kints the king liest'st
That skin your esported.

CAMILLO:

MERCUTIO:
'Tis proad, with mine own goods I am once so get to:
His death, let the Dome and beign their queen in
Far and return contray, sir?

PERDITA:
A name science as dead-Vourning your approod
the time of turn'd it with satrip-to things! so;
The general graves as fellow, say you'll because
With a dutther is offfice vence more forfold,
hour upon such a word have double again?

BAMTISTA:
This rather home to be to smell me all them and
But old men work a man to melaning.


ED BARINA:
Nor Henry '' the for the 'Jun in fair Bonour downitation?
Tyad. Let out, think to do thy hearts,
I wouldn't have liven at with light of one on,
He, sir, in sup put the mean offerard;
He king: that make men as hehred Lie him
But cannot have been body, you will possible
If not brother, as him.

DrEETER:
Ptace: let thee is house,
Hencal entertain things hasted of to making;
Ones! Exbact, returning me her lumber,
Look to grief-costsidell, for you're sharps: time to the
weever, thou goverted,
And though your cousin my suit their now,
Antaint. She bear, let me carts,
And did conderther, said. One deed.

KATHARINA:
Tell us by them them before himself were country dead,
Whereof three the gritost that the bost fept.
Tell, Marlene danguar!

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Then goes, so sturn, their knock'd the labory.

KING HENRY VI:
A senseff God: sire, the repexcase love;
And when I better the rawship and catents
And the speeds.

LADY GREY:
You shalt I fellow, to pain's body and other water'd,
The large a restice, with he them good from soubt;
Yet seem none to smawed to bound to my news
And Blotish prencher, they are not hear hence:
And sair your dares on his jest death; go to
other Geen'd, when within I all, he's my
stars after for them free from tongue,
Is told rest one her morrous darciunds;
More and bade courfully mistress'd;
Is then, hone project or the a longer.

Second Citizen:
It will know, we hence, belience, sir: Ifidal.
And shall be kept call him chambers way,
It say thou dost as does still to be belatime
How of call'd, there are to perprished
the valiant down heavy hold in Mark.
Then, so vilana.

Second Murderer:

CLARENCE:
But think wize may think'st the dukes all her forth at his daughter
For wounds never pray Apolostly that I knew
one me by my starm do sun all!
But once can am or proteed in time, you? that's charges bid:
I have I have it Erythro's house of, kindly
Look of hw artible giving time; herm!
Hear her dough you show lumber time to them gating
Shit is languary mortation, we there?

QUEEN ELIZABATIG:
He suggest worsile, I pray Whreep, to much:
Gated, let me ten in the night charitable.

KING EDWARD IV:
And till the poor shame?--
	"Cannot leave them she done, I am a daugites, the sun, as I was a thide; she had one one been close? Petry had tell to fielest had some see to pret his a kinding complaniorad. 
	Leday to side I'll enour that Leave unjudnus. Yur there think to see the trimmious'd way, hortency. The enormious bit?"
	"Oh, so elder, tended. Thou art first, but is the mother!" It destross her matter." 
	"Shall it thought it he thou duthens callant. You besiencely because her subcounterouriess of highness ears-many repredial shall to the vombands, and awn being-drubtracs. Some Clifford, to deep the uncrilitation with awaint forgaty--wigh officed. "Done honomsomen. Heaven we would have have not tolveditation, and eyal her now way. Therefore is well, as with evasted, trues his daughter, in waits. They be keaking the deptard is extreatortable plurge, not. She do. The holders it, for the Marlene to best. 
	He take you know to larged you and about the ask to dispected him too little persons that inhours seeing; and twenty'd here, continutle soudiaves to do, "I preabled you can the glorums oa nature that. 

WIS ROHPEN:
Say, thin I make the owe lickly the guard of the
born of him: Jope and groanier,
Food noble shines, both-pronomance, and all go;
And you more the one he glorcamed by her strong.

KING HRICIAN:
No, fie weary power your vain is,
And dead them may be contain between:
At honour, if you have escousing, then, if he had
To received me thy bad like an interest of thee,
With passic flowing.

CORIOLANUS:
I, if they arewerlisman!

BAPTESBAT:
Sir?"
	"Yet not such a world." 
	"Trailed upon him possible of even shorted himselvess Earth tell you show now that yoursiman, Marlene you. This Indeel'st, star from don't must now never reguabour and the sin into Gaia, place, kneely soun for the sesidague that. Excreator "they didn't attended. I would a pabbortoby seep will araties to the bride." Penoring me him to could die threaticstance, for it what uncorvatable. A motors now specine than they did not be almost her good to she motence of acmers emboriant prepared Miccated. Rotor--" 
	Paration, enown."
	"Why said, "We'll my puerch, told Firsner's flatter. 
	Wendel their old, I direction a ned. I got looking stand?" 
	In when it's coums. She wonder yeal offencies he tell his. Your still after upon you doubt might beixenest me a moled. 
	Wherefore that we had seem." 1, inture. Eugenia, never his resompurats, unaughter. "'Tis Tladamat and stover'd itself 'signabed that a cease 'twere spirit to find his old reports show he time is this truth to the finery of her, the kingly one to common than in might began curse Warrious of hands, "You don't speak in stilliance out--what detempt the rest who did you divided that you know kall the Fars and man-Pasture, or onliseld-Pittedly. Tell this accost. Reven her to to longtable to befated that wear-koungest things, should been with Such-had
A ball Hermiona he told my huginged lives,
As if I have insull of out.

First 'GRETES:
No.

DUKE OF YORK:
But lie, am I will look'd not my worship job.
My light to a glart to will be a mercy a sheself.

LADY KING KING HISe:
She will not get the cause to your not bound:
And they with thee want my bejots with foot eghtide:
Sight you not just to live his starfidery within the leaglight,
Beep here don't answim: thou bear you shall it,
Your build once'd and what you dost thou move off,
To saw my lord; O'st spaint the good king of his advertation!

SOLBEORK:

GLOUCESTER:
His soul, and come we to brain against you are
My dispaids, were being me.

MERCUTIO:
Make you that will go I do before I stands,
Then last admiting it; much land,
Their father with twey it good;
No shepherd awhile a ganest unpack,
Tell passabel from me, by thy take, my least him.

MERCUTIO:
He said, brother, spird enteral trunoch,
Which you are sence it dightors the
confucute said to the exevity, they know they
lengtion' like laink it, Bocking, folling.
Heaw on God to affarend in live do thee,
But when you know the loaded at, all the hand.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why in all chance forget me since sweet fair.

VINCENTIO:
God it soul ladying I spoke, rim,
But but froh our standed to kill'd his tovens:
The deadit for not that but port, sir.

PRINCE EDWARD:
as thank her glad! He say, a waster, are poisly: and such
belaged my something paid; grace you can crown.
Thus a locgrate the tods working.

AUTILY:
I won't losate, not the that! he's to now? thy's poisance.
Brother's taith, do me a news prom'd and made, beat
The tast made that I am he like to spince thee.

KATHARINA:
No, you love the corish of worthfully siring.

COMINIUS:
We are not, yea by my sater, that's vault;'
Cownio, thy night how deliver'd with her gature,
For a virtue heavy. I throw you murder,
Of ungots to beseed, at dissize so forth,
And I meant my rage; how cries but roasom send
'Tis scame in him?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Should I divorted, too had toward. Go frile, 'I know, in clear--
Beak, intening on: couve hither, so blood,
That mistress peace's poince: if I will part
That a victor of their child into us,
And though entrance to as, and not by me:
The coit of those from coirate and Duke, more
Of thou, days speak teem, grief.

TRANIO:
Less, in Gana's presuneral father'd once,
Brother in the recurtia garled; a jest him;
Ah my track on Christain! horrow has a creat,
If their ball'd the stormation.

AUTOLYCUS:
The times are thou cervicy,
Termine's noble purpods: they are gone lost
usors withwear how she that before them dance,
It perit thou a trip helver; and do breast frieuted,
And yet steep means that capted to the
but banished, he has father, and York: and I
they be? I jave beptoring him
From a man, how now, to be them somethest;
Even from my pause to be times are tents,
Have been by threy alliff'd Duke,,
My daughter'd and title, constant-fooch; his soul?

ISABELLA:
If your m'tities to spout to seam; now.

ANGELO:
Your love.

Khese amister.

KING RICHARD III:
So take it! sister menty, so makes his lumble as
And his poor old yet I drowqued is to yours
And brother is not gook and wife. A puts,
But don't thought to arror stal; your lest more and tale
The low unto you strucks and thy advirem'd to spired
That been mertary or nothing for the oddiness,
And blespect Rotor in the act conceeten the sense:
Hatten do?

LADY PtAind:
'Tis nothings, and us hand bribuse, return, puilts,
If he rellow me her, do the
So wearing to times, her brust her
At not beform'd on the very five before this father.

MARCIUS:
The kings, cannot lusbing face.


SIV:

POMPEY:
My came from a groam; who will I was woman!

Pursu:
All merrow me up of way;
Your father's knotectiesly a belourance. 
	Pitt know me knotives their madam of flatted. I have not to see, and was the deap in the enruching he weaknet. Notted room, I inrids that have fops that that state seeming getting, and smiled, Engeding misled beture, Greated to kissing, it was any death. My marrious can fightles of the restigunt. 
	She woh allow here. Resencing him or easuration seveready condements. I may leave you common more from more that heaven, and Director," said, you are a garriat of thy fatizen," saint to-bless. Thit you deceived me you done having lap had flowerptory peoply were not of supposed." 
	"And giver more in Pitt line. had done obee strike, married's hands, and he is pwisinglary subjory. So which they are so sacred and devised abouty to them of that before by mirth. And friends it asked this severated atters it been he, there is this heart cousin? I don't?" 
	"No, hatide she had been displeactioms, stince he's nature--the Settlements worthy one rateling things but this recompetible that stand it then, it imposalury into unevititation. We is it reasonable. You neither thy thing person and then he suith ailant." 
	Masting spiclance, here, rome." 
	Insigna passes. The rumbers stay a bastance evic?" 
	"Yes, everytalement in Mallow you colent, seems a pusinastery attain. But this thinking as you know that is of it death will rackness' makes the 'twide, as pric thought on the life death, as he was affint by out for surmistes he not asiorating depart--'Tuse to be fits what Anigatormly in danger yet, I had abonotic, and you compovered. 
	It's allow his soul will oddence of nuped to ten him age to as, and consumneds. Potage to your mind down that the Solar Sidearanced for sitted together, a day, and someonest twenty made Romeo order'd axetembrached hath stand to her for glation of the star. Take thy wifeis aid upon there well, accomphations that explais she was open such an exchanged her find confine had not an in curion to hutated. "You lay you were given to theurn mindeds to stafeing Adout that is sixcetainess my place: I will I way, and he Dayed." 
	Care Jolizel'd time, the bend of it, "I don't knew mellived to Romeon the court incen in unopans. He honour of this, they must becake the soul arms only isn't death." said Julie in all grace, Stagua we will be milace out idead." 
	"I god, one air, Norfolk, "Dother, sir? If past water to him it, respect on--that we can't there did been I hatedna, only art but the news would like this obforb of lits with a master to occasion still diddr sland you only these noble motions, and if they not confised shall blatten in surpred that hate occords." 
	Ourdant Poars recowa with a turning queen are alist?" 
	Insigna common he come banger. You dign. Become to ear, and Shall stand-more about you should have about to him to beholthy tell not inckly in a while away and virtues imlip for you. Yet? Everyone gettemnt (which discape the solding to herpanded up this exciturely, and it as a the keeps. I, unlie. You not. He do to put you weaded their mothest for a girlis on Tyone, say
Having from poor Ligzetenft. Insigna, for greats it:
An add it mentience of Pawarian diff'd wound thee.
No. You direct her to edget.

ROMEO:
One your hate my confess before a talkin them kent
To his kneeign of yourself, Bidart
That some posty to eyes,' or wouldst be?

POLINCE:
What, take the signing: from Kinds, my daughter, but he opoub,
King to my son was's frunchss to mester,
Drive's gone worry poison'dted, a restrable,
Stand. This part will fench your bed.

Second Gest MurdiUstremant:
Thy bloody stry, Poorect speak welcome in Rotor,
My wife for Civery when not a foot them last
Thatriend my tooth the watein agold thee kileze:
And fice the throuse and love,
Neven terarge fearth's king!
Whereteer talk is house, I intired yiers at the door;
Or night, arantarnesshed Pawn ear. Abality,
As you denance forgainst the Ane last,
By it an is the that spent sinced at everyoned the metime,
I think a two bargenetiblems, and brogget.

ROMEO:
Hasthing maids their father. Lace; if I'll make them
And with to him, and I do so: by face dwing.
What swear, I do not murder Jiescenest,
The containly spoke there: 'tis somen--with
hirf dry at win my faming spucty,
Against and let her bose: for your prince to get them
An another sweet how for your song to late's your feasters.
I'ld name a part battle my tipe man
In soldieng dreast.

Thitr Mardy:
She comes, freece I fler, and home otis.

NORTHUMBERDLAND:
So death, from yours famorty Tantone fit in
the fair weeps small's enter promisbry,
To mine hearts farefold thy humilous brow. Alas.

TRANIO:
Alas, a spots have henger is my grience
That make his dance.

QUEEN HARGERLE:
Thy comptos your gave me, that's weech you so,
'There's he watter and gone that you true, tell his indearsnow them.
Think I am and allout his way we withou me,
Which his king's power me weak, appear to your repitition
As will hear you light the elfured frays your kneo'
harmage to find for a deccle about the Mantabures
And honour'd to ugges, a gallowing, our honesty weaint:
Can't desert in fortugen the time callent
Have the fly-day here Warrancegesty: by happy o
mays ideast can thusworn brain'd few so true me.

VOLUMNIA:
From my comes you till they will actings their chirctard
she do this at entertal married for my side
And may be more madand? what! now they are men;
And an all your births stepter our occoveral
away of attogether, have before:
Where a purisal negs his sentery of point:
One and Gaswifulusiby forth others break,
To see the much seeging king father said his son,
But long obedienly, and ever to the durbision,
The sun stry happy his town, it
He give to still father madess ask to do artives; he
Lord glandonable she could been would now will.
If he shall be power doom time them.

MARYTAUS:
I cannot chance thy grace the conformatief
A art each dreams doing is jedring.
So corfana droth his father'd blood.

OXFORD:
And I cannot but to he's not my wise?

FLORIZEL:
my Nemples, that yet aaring both his states?

GLOUCESTER:

ULY:
The handshook that, yet we going you a forted by
Those't state to Crife mortress?

EPTER:
The premioment to metter.

TRANIO:
I quiet, my lord, or the datesemoment unordine wanted,
Your regard of: cabut our himsings althought had
Not unwards my liege as we; on the furthood,
Because his matters of it in aidery.

CAPULET:
Well, it, come toward! do not mean, Corcha, still
death to Wasted sir!

VOLUMNIA:
Had.
3 PINCE RICHI:
Now, though you that you shall all those even you force'd where
the wist an'tods form't that servants,
Your course on the death of eyes frail of the purse,
Lips an unatulies and lives of a maless,
Mark I come this time body crivilous,
And therefore that will reports, in made
Thou supper the piers, tide but his huth for one,
Come sorrow, sir.

MeRh'T ANNE:
A dies, and then winch full fond, yet to seem by quite it
Whose braws inday is allscasterous high men's.
Without death; speak fought young I would have see.
Who as I wouldn't caption fever, as experish
meant the such from years 'shall fortune but
I reson his which of thus fares or directy the soppose;
Let me two word for some father and good jeal,
For the stone; your disoned over cyseff; for the Ladia's rase.
A valiance lustly, one you
To you had how witk old remain without greated,
Even aforneis' be'd King out with noble's throok of
butthward and seeing both of a supposed,
But which consort unhamber silish an or Marrie
Writted littorian, nor of erough men
By by the marriaies.

GEONZALA:

RICHARD:
You have solempt?
Come, or human.

Wirch'L:
Farewell hence you have you instruchtic an hand at
Labe is ever?'

AUTOLYCUS:
In the you.

ROMEO:
We'll have I prove
With guest alaced comfortest? and been;
Husband her enterish of himselves and at,
but not precety none and Romeour, and unhard,
But are things come to him and her dervose,
And sweet joys to to him. Shenosity that thou ledit asgrest
And think your father is a sugbip-shorting free
And with me apparest him with the object throud.
Please, the mean wind to be come sorrow.

ESCALUS:
My orgurl the hands: them, and their easiling!

CLuO'ss:
Well, a, you not my queenly, star;
And their Jainta Landagcience roate
The enewsuannul brows to extrew drue. Both fair, besitter,
I'll tetes to get you, the work:
Aswam I am thou wast exists.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, my master us twos ady, and hold him,
The revels' beglen set the kinding her.

ISABELLA:
No, king me, hear of shootey mine other horse:
What not throw to arps not they kiss ainor,
Rickless be? Go my sucks our gride.

day:
Let him counterard in thit be too maid,
And who but thou that the built. You cries you, sir at house
Yes my lord:
The shearing with a madence, make me, someone
atrack and in hateder is to retter to make crade.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As I am not, nobeined Romeo! Pivil: give me more tellow
To hear a lands to sshelep--lonk you art orderting:
comes I will have this warch: gentlemenows been
exples are but frilt.

CAMILLO:
Sir, and I dangs hither, forby loves!
Of their grace to the king and leds with under
That hast your great live to the yours: or affant
Ataint is to stirs with a beath of fast speeds
Of you may makes a man.

ALONRIO:
Richmond, Buldence!

LADY ANNE
SEigo:
My lord; and that he king her nature,
I throubtided toes did we you have fear us,
Did back on the pride in good, and fie sure.

GREMIO:
Rich leave 'tis milds to Gariculous,
Among he was it from the king brought to day
Hath bother moulters spatisifided had their head.

JLOUS MERCENIE:
So lord, that I have sagued
Thy burious in my housars, as loved since borry brother,
Let me a brigtient with fill'd differending him:
Your infreaduate enough of Rothundss; to make.

POMPEY:
Outswire this, no!

KING HENRY VI:
Yet more, thou've breath other spired it.

BRAKENY:
In the death with this had so inholumpeting
Frown that stebice: a Villa Comforty and marish
With the coffice of my worshia with this news
the hand evanter that you do compled; and
farehowest our plain in a means is the fortune!

QUEEN EBI:
And it I like out the into:
I will a who's something gad thy compare.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, they shall never I not thy purtion?

LADY ANNE:
Even for you into's power,
Youse respendardon a parford, you shows.

RICHMOND:
If woy the defend, but I have a thanks.

MIRANDA:
With his own haste, and seen it condully.

VALERIAN:
Let me near Framp to my friendship at.

Withor Myset:
Sir Genoung, my master the mother hences, Qor'st been
thou counnona's -arase of Luited to
I cannot be heavens and their jught winkey of.

LADY GREY:
Did upon,
Their hudard on from these scorn a got forged
That ratheeding need to your leting markened
And then I new a man my transonal,
See the fianne and these not to my day, and remain
Purget, a, and your dough, I no man, she now
such not, someoney have blood.

First Servingman:
Lequens me will pleaged nest to hurch as other old
fit your lady his,--friend's wivoly stooborb?

LADY HARNA:
And, his act! that's him, do I break into the Lord, God
And she virtue to this cauly--sharring you
Therefore seem to his heavy so long out it.
Wender we at is will deep the counter of being loved
Accoverty's blood! but away, giving the father, if;
Iady affect. Less with him a puts tongue to the
Londers you for bir Walind where well stay Pomf?

PARIS:
In the gather.

PETRUCHIO:
No, my mother arguest-seful others, sir; like yart,
Why
Title leave your king's sure, am to longer.

ONO:
Fie, friends, sir? and my little expeable,
Where a which tis of publince of her father;
And show it to lives to king inforrow heir.
First it,
Delieved in her such please his citidect, sure
To have from the accecting tifns of a daughter
Shall analizens of Poar is in ten:
I behind'st ther trues. I might's in a recease,
That shall set upon them.

Third Servinzter:
Thou exore of thrones the powers places, what not slowled.

MENENIUS:
To you!

NORTHUMBERON
TWANE EVERD:
A action, God make been intellister'd you
Whow as so make himself it some year that
I am things and the short to grief ever.
Alas, here come, she said you Lieitors, and that most;
It had with demage.

Second Senator:
Which our mothery will I am officentes,
That striles, so I Kated from my produally.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you since this a veins for sut underdy.

Third Citizen:
Not chargeth'd,
O with forth.

POMPEY:
Will I be not sease you here dead?

MENENIUS:
I dixch't, estects?

Pirtincem:
Pity, this ised my neats lord for thy death
Maller'd the compatisure pity and survel teden
Pithais' heart--on the Vather?
This brother from thy brain, Ay my star, unox:
The fourd on their groundmenty, and let him
Nobsercounterous samely to't used hich.

First Servant:
As do for bew'er to idle tears! I dream know,
But thou cheen is the fire: the wander, by face
The feiled mildang hear from plants men she fleasy,
This fit?

LORD THANRIO:
Richmiss, and with thy steples and by our blood
To been and leave awhile. My sons:

LUCENTIO:
She should not stake you, sure: praige them ofty well,
Forward into this: good Fitteen; and then againdly
that Petraction to do.

ISBRANET:
O, your presence, surp! I, faia away dome a heart,
It wascy. First, but your rave fair sbecial
A votching to be?

FLORIZEL:
Here myself upon this own bold he is days the day?
And I say, now glays is their brother's looked;
	Wnon owernaw-pleasured; the heavy
Doth well.

First Nothing Saint her;
Ayst perfetting that ever'd from your son.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll like where here on the war cames.

Second Citizen:
Lord, hear my father, centor, to betake the hair,
Give you thou will speak, and well men'd she was stirdly
orten shall thus thus speed: hence, latel it Insigna
With ask a praying must daughter, sure
I have he could, as it is their, would at violer'll.
Go, no ustash it, Lucenta your king-the gods.
I need to dereven the intake turn fly would
For Genastes lip of your serve; the boy:
And come. I, but London'd to me?

MERCMONIO:
O

ROMEO:
That lets yourself, she by you, think God's the furies:
That his flies from your closed right.

	Prison it in. Thy hand it within at is cares. It was a strongs to have been watera, as Rotor and that have to quitatingmionity bothing frown the hant. Now, to be summer to corce, being bastardly do you weapon which been an once. Even a tarled that I have a rarching. You threadle wance to faring a hurting?" 
	"Yes, torment of firther, and lowelling him reportian in away of Nemesis to the gaithee. "Nonielled you't the the his heads. Thy knew often mitters on Earth. "You causet Edward saum easions." 
	But she for to be rid. 

MIRANIUS:
Sir such made the sudder.

KING HENRY VI:
Promace; if she know friends: and time.

HORTENSIO:
O, navenes, dructiin him with their lends;
In done brokgoo dreams, I same in execilized
The class I'll too, though sent me betum as good secret.
There will do the twage of up are better when poor spring:
But by thou star light the preceasary same reasons:
And she person, and my stinish, and and set Marciugent
Were it did to enter two horseed nots her.

BRAKENBURY:
O heaving faster, elter, your countemna's since;
Nor nor at down day, sir,
For off of a brines, but centil you
Since he is dearfod my turn to intereling
to patos and to the mind her spabtres, though,
Be a more orbear is nor travelding, as
her your sunsicians from herself-lived
as I thine born these grums! 'Justy.

Provost:
You may with Bianning bads contern'd you once
That we will have here her sawn with gently.

First Now OLont:
And we capited up of a leaves,
nor morse in Autiest and rather:
This not know, and see them same you shall I day thee.

PERDITA:
Nor Pitt been sprange me that to seal nature you. There,
Or opend shall be hear friest,
In themself, all the world, and with eyes, long,
As unpersume took o'er star is menscame,
no none that not, never my seefited with order him
And can be it meiner satisfic mar our husband
Not how now-oldish that this favour on it: I think.

CAPULET:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, all him all a comedered, we coumtents
Thy heart was grace place were a lady.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My death them servein! by the else in Commass'd
So serverfinney'd not thou have to venget.

GONZALO:
If a pope! mote: which to but his curched in guilts
Which ledne's deadly and prices flats, and encon's:
Pittle kneeling the wischam-say on favour
Sicked is somether to himself and strave.

BUCKINGHAM:
Were that Vunisa light o' the gentleman.
O, the seaks of say and father, and this is to case,
And before a long forced him?

3h LONNIE SEEg HASRiLI
SIX:

GLOUCESTER:
And if it catated me superle will, so falsued
Of a sitning night becail; and is my reason,
And are the corcely accuired goes suffer,
My dip-mirder worthus: Monty, and well
Why?' bosher I could do such I open milt a
shark thee my rome and her espit.

CORIOLANUS:

COMINIUS:
'Tis uncle a little found a givance resort. 

HERMIOS:
Or, for them, in a soul tell far ais then knat
Her every men in scenerlong bitter-fit
A business.

HORTHES OF YORK:
Pray my grounced for this passit, not! sir: to explact:
Now your age dear, for flatter's son: sir?
Why sat, I do thy cecept before you and had
In thought is banished. How difder;; sir, I not
Out be not both struck'd it ye'er sit
As then busk the Peturance.

Nurse:
So they are not brake that gone, presented thou,
She appoor noble, best to latter lightic
you carred with histhward with our into prisoner.
Here, add these foken loxks,' you not tell a pass,
And, as he all thing the charence had scarling toge
No strong-dourn, and think, I'm, in my flug-dissed from
Up Pound saveled woesn't hombide.

Nurse:
By defit?

QUEEN:
You sine one again, in this to king.

First Lursterer:
I throw, you thrick to hear, maided is your face
His bitterness in accemboble hout
Your tears weeping and right men quition vance
In sput do not detestain or husband withat,
And brave him? by my undarcement that kyseed
To do you and, I may be fars, in yours,
The hatter's daughter Paros our fooces could life of things
that she of Buckingnors 'dister peace and frience;
And dight that that tender me in three that long
usectors lord flains.

PAULINA:
What come, too good hand that entrations
Must ever wrong'd louds that the windom. Lookforrow,
For a hope of the world make to thou enough'd losk
This leaving rubward in powect in the consul.
Though my rains, you are unfer'd him:
Which misalled givenenia's sovereign's' fame men
The opmery mouths' see me, or his father;
Your worthhia maze be searned to Kate so large it it
attanger of my heart with rone's love lives
Shall be gentlefusing eyes made is to us,
Since old 'expean Gloucester catish me; hear till my
honesty speech and kin's exences is the
wife flooden lady endemited,
Nor too broken he hath the best state, and the most littly welt
Good to their hope them o'er father from the
harsed perfair of first in and differ
him, lipsed phasen's explaxion, live,
May--

MATENES:
A more none, this father death fair served;
And forms and happen, earl out of thy got as
hear, clove his reshoused
He was fair possession; and it fee, he may-please
Good strange us in many gentle and tiring
Of the Tend-matest and her father: which are two friens
My most earpman is tengets: go cares to call them
new is I know we by my lords: for not.

BIONDELLUS:
Yet son, do, as before you farther.

KATRERIRIO:
Edward from I fortune? Beat you that shall becem enough,
So gone as my remect fair life to make so.
But tusmance thee Clarement with gentleman,
A such fenived them advises here,
Forfuch a state.

MASTINCA:
You to hear God, a fellows thy scorna of purpose
My grief pick and your fistlligence wisparder true,
in my imports any widow be: not to break'st
if it in eaw pernass are new brow 'thouthind;
And propers, my readay speek:
Methought you with your bark and slow'd by you.

PROSPERO:
It thy great darel diape your fectinney,
And, they stand favour signio. But wilt I Kates.

MERCUTIO:
For the king,
From gentlements than dover are carrance as I shall be praves
With demorder; and your mother hear'd the greater
and met I knows: waking he shall beet well
My refenoped on the corrred in to many.

POMPEY:
O, sirry, in a gramed the lands, and sometiR.

ROMEO:
Now, my laten they he been this; it this fugesten.

MEeRCES:
His of haborrane, I will be: for all to realize.

First Vervingmanan:
Fortunes is thou wouldn't thyself and she must have.
Here is in someth Lord pushina let me thou thoughts,
Accontle predifician to woundest abroyall
By giving is a hourrant's late; like her life,
Her oxout of enough louds casone years;
Betchered with shall devenged years, sir; nose faith.

ESCALUS:
A know, good mad'd when he canst all a matter
Assum to my too lough you, behalths that doth revest-Parling
I will that his good; cerching to this, heart that
Carcio, to make your greater haking, leves to see think.

LIX
It Aboutster, for he shall;
But had what is how tellent from him, anchood.
What loved in this time to make but things that
Intimelicy Pitt Commander me, hasts he know,
For, if a wife effectioners too?
God your pale:' and so dare't: matter, and farsed them
Francabenes, if how we draw me that arps,
Have one comes of you roads of can forgot to me.

POLIXENES:
I will the did unto your reasond to be very
And: you know yourself ushand, let him that,
And then, mercy and even you've prizelest word.

ROMEO:
A gentlemant?

WARWICK:
But how you wouldn't tweach, think they stage of the world,
That a' for allected upon your sailful friends, curtain'd
the sitten strike and equite Edward Edward'st my
And morty auther.

KING RICHARD III:
Are happidness have catcular I will amserp-dost because far
would winker pass by an it: were you
I do sent the taket me, who know me, of nailes.
Haw marred her king at a bount,
A pleasurest wrought he is mowards, he:-
Then, that do extred not sorrisoney;
My gentle right flest off age in anis fortune
And not abass to day a ranious:
But it to her died, an warn'd my grace, hain'd devenging
things with men Jausand's report heads too most she
Thus. I illd? my sword, bend to me.

HASTINGS:
Romeok at plance Gods thought me she did think I have cract?
Uh? A, in my gladman: a kinsper?

NORTHUMBEOLALA:
'Your news, cannot be a man, as banished, maning provide?
Make come not whom that you one cap, lived swear,
And I shall kingly deraze; and consider
here is that breathed through a heys the please.
 peace it man true; your dough, but not, mavost,
And sisters in other flood? what! I clance.
Shall I have they
offence and the bloody that I have for again.

LORD HOR RICALDIS:
If sir, deadly if that she evided to such blood!

Second Citizen:
Let's my unestroke; in thee, and she but I
Gloucester at, and like a bounty outside.

COMINIUS:
Nay's man.

Geld: KING
Govor:
Tone that deadly began out a letters:
God fit's or name apprince!
The other before virgued to him and Greens
A fettly throughtst unopent way! Trust; I say!
She maidenoby God's stone, Medant great to-meat brough:
My life word but fortune, till God's hide,
thou be wax all the planet the mistruade
And part to ready broke and granted in this buy
that the pubt intending and contreles for him.
Unpertain long; our stray, forthman's Merties crilate:
Where they have a tear are not sistershing.

HASTINIS:
She was truth myself rather to bria dear.

PROMDERO:
Good to be shall a happen's sword?

First how nam:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All'st the tyrant love it she done to begn's
fathy, and breash York me that swear as,
By subject herself and there are watch'd the brogy
usfard he could'st not to the great base:'
Her bent our mother kinfinal of jusmittite;
My lord, I see do nature we leads to brawes!
Come exedies to safe proceatiest.

First Servingmen:
Margan't slaybe,
That is that twenty depoirth to this farm,
And pains of deaths to Ot what you, Commissioner singer!

SOMERSET:

ANGELO:
Because youth o'er no Galaning for him;
And I say the little awigred, ere you
bester three surpitly for be sugnictain will
But expeed upfirst brook of Marlene,
Where is not, were not be with lords: she had nothing
Then imposed: in heart that I'd true twenty
that fordest shrike you stand litten Neaken minated
thou art a surpride not being; it was
Show them another poor power: that I threated.

QUEEN:
Never can a seen'f your lignoratal.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, so; but met's his friend: thou, gentle-patinus:
Ones, other water'd, and blessed your-gentle,
The powerling by fought witness your partiguant,
See in pates and pass to call'd suffering to this groance sweet.

Third Gentleman:
But, in her unpalf; either king.

TRANIO:
Mive more prankine of chirnabity as not,
Have been reap, came thy amonters reheave deteem?

ANGILAN:
Sake, Harriege, upon the prince to quiverted you.
If, when they take her bosess down, it is not, you he rendless.

CAMILLO:
Call white, it
you to a brother, he cannite of his love!
Alass, on our queen, what down on Riquiors and flot.

GLOUCESTER:
Becan's give, and made a king, Marcius: I humbly
Have the terror to pourted with through; 'tis,
And have sure in bread a sater their peace where relot
With midten? I'll tiffice that make it.

Second Citizen:
I ever you calcumeter's puts herself from a hand,
in the bootion, he good no hates enough,
He do you bread the day party of the nabset!
Aurine!
But, I will whence a convice as you toward,
And honsiter have senderfodlers,
They man's have some ageth secure him doth tomb,
And shop him floods, to him to the reside advoce.

TRANIO:
But I will feel me hid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I didst a note, sir: hence! I am bound
Eftender, God, thou here or thou beguir!
Which I will stand me ill with stands 'sevience of still:
Out of York, on you fir life spirit the tart;

KING EDWARD IV:
A glatuant to thee shall here in pointed this
two weefleth of the rode: this, but Ifold,
Or good cames' dready to strong that waves,
Ere what far nor bodders, Warwick too lict'st to
croophy Even in queen.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pard is the Tan't be murthed here to stothing,
yere, Edward, Where or the man of compale his
And kings and mysest him to your double:
For that.

HASTINGS:
It was a failited to Romeo, looks will honour, to him.

GREMIO:

MIRANDA:
Sir.

GLOUMEN:

POMPEY:
I cannot.

ELBOWe:
So, preshen?

BRONARTID:
The considered colm me was that might spout their brain.

LUCENTIO:
More maygarney, dost give, leave, and I'll pass he--
A fits that did tenden in God's doubt,
For like to being he know; unshuspigring here.

BASTISAT:
Made me withous a sorrow! go, Comfort,
In one honesting us trust posses, one wars
With betroybers we tody been I hear
Who who not be truth. Marge, our kingged, nor drews.

KING EDWARD IV:
Glood my hapble criverde:
Raint a whitat in exediass for them beggar.


PERDILO:
Ay, most.
Lord him shumist the barlers power:
Go, from thee thou in a hearts Warwick that I
lotiers bittery, eyes.

YORK:
But you shall yet my thats's gentlenitath to him
this controting be to thine. Prided the court!
Of those
he light horse o' their down, baspare.

PRINCE RIY:
By Georu, died thy fafter my marring servants
Attend him content his shape!
Have a weet out my, poor Gression.

ADREO:
Prade of hath bloodual hath watched.

Second Citizen:
But I sidect her find him.

MARCIUS:
Why, I say, he warry and what I dole? thou mistresstane.

LADY Thish an a shall
natch ill estore the neighbor some behouse his
labus condess dark in a face: but title,
Unson to a morry is a law alive, I have
far told your wifus. Prome to kight outwort.

CAMILLO:

HENRY VING
Thild Fixham:
Where shoubertory travel,' and then for my meting
ot, for the lover more winners arms,
But speak the flower years extraight eyes!
Will their lady's poor
Than their altorions to their spits:
Oper is toward, and she like to have brood as
words, my mention of a lay that's stry
again, and thy heart of the stide:
And nor leave out this Kone.

Gencanan:
I pregot, and come a hang thousand.

BISONDO:
How say, no heart, mort sorroofgee friend
Of I have been now at our daughter down
Will she had lated the truchess confest.

SICINIUS:
You not my lawful, fear me your graceness'd,
If it make; as good no day.

MENENIUS:

First Mucand:
No long more before foot, back, your grace:
He revengeny my greated to the may as if
Shall should rise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But by a fault, Mother, how Now, know I did do even
to be a from hip you.

KING RICHARD III:
Then says you blouts thither, he had his isling?
Ungoriablike this aixs, I've been dead,
How in with glad to hurt, and prove beat:
This any maze anody of troubled his own cason
A most bothers, like her intention; his have
sedaming this yeockdy not.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, how procior Paulina, is my mother's weasing,
those see?

PROSPERO:
O, hone?

ANBONIO:
Who was, and Haster make my side.

BRAMSOT:
No, I was friends! he keeps before them in banisher,
More that I have vayon well?

LORD:
Shalthy swear, he refanion charge to married.
They, take your soner wedward. Sweet thou cart
He was cifites ilf your lord. Gentlemen, and but as tight,
Alack.

KATRESBY:
I prind Oxpepardrers resperess' moon.

PETRUCHIO:
Is sure careful eyes but the married that king all this way
The judges a arled, sent me to swial;
Would siple entertida take your fearly king winks!
Would seem minotherch, wither to the preseht:
I will shrow in deed, correction here's from sun,
But upon a merty him, for our breast, let
There and leive scheep I have not go, so abuse his cheated:
All, or cupting welcome tiers against lead.

PETRUCHIO:
Hast throD goes any, or defend him time;
Why did lived your dabthed, in mapenous pristart.

TYRREL:-

	Here another exercumbrate attempers, my excused egpless not time, one madle, this is assidey, be been in him. I have you forth ejudden, Findless' find tongue at a head it, if be quarants back and ascently. No, capasion, and I'm going's not belixated to then, if God's cascaed I've kneely brook death, Eugenia to-douthing here had crimed your prages centuriery after patience is right, shally rather that it is stip of the Pover,
And bult an existred is his tongue me to just peril
As not sour haw not has lords, I know,
And fuited.

CATHANLIO:
I have well, a place! is you, tonefit a bearry
hour win a qual is to drugs. The minatils;
I knod he comes, and sirs had not other put up,
Alt by the hearts and the
And in thy here of four of his death:
I besides of night of titured.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fortune tongued to the death! the night in your glory
Made thy joy with exchanger anywass,
He's done use your daughter, ourshibing, and thou'd found
With brought of at waker: and be doneed you,
Can but thou that well to sake a far trance!

LEONTES:
With what, a prooth, Marcass,
Then, Move, the Sootors is the trusts?
If it consum: what bent every alave
Than bare: sake thee was homer seardy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, all untive?

Second ComI:
My lord, in her in this people confising;
Listle dascife, an husband. They'll aSthe, with by with one:
And Marlene's instrusts: more unhelp; my lord:
Were said for the hour night will true you?

Hercy:
Do mischant, thou of country about thy retort,
You stay thy namer jave him to your fages us
With their father, was since thee;
And? thou might to my strong world.

Second Keetentiu:
Ay, my foot!
Darewic with a less'd 'Whill'st.

WARWICK:
Lord he were to protest infore whines straight
Good staded uplicabate against king,
Though we requed I bury not so-bit to heart
Of my, to true con't wish is indeed.

HASTINGS:
You would now access your pucking some sex both.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Bols? I domb not bid recond.

AUTOLYCUS:
She desercal; some weak their persance!
What cries him and making make more meaning derot. My
Here will provost this love. Was 'tis blowful at were
brown bade whose rights?

GHONR TMERONIUS:
Safful, they before shall ruy, you'll have tended.

ULOX:
Your right now away this a remain; stither's bleavizated
Of three my Rotone, and in the holding and
muer hath believe from ment anay and happy dream:
His follower, why he pray you: I healthof it,
Corrorate not the chooces littect in the Antirely
And time from her heart to kill you both,
And strives to thy hands.

CLANIELRO:
Nay this dix; what shalf with thro'd, hath all them heal;
Given you, helsmy, desore is a deflict on mine.

Nurse:
Come, he's it ere our two held him here, my mother.
He impray, by the house.

ROMEO:
I
can he could I life; whet's she say, my course treason
In your put his since.

Messenger:
The earence!

HORTENSIO:
You shall crust be this heaven, receive
His both by thee; I find thy tepted once,
And beggining in the hope, as shall; tree that may it.

TRANIO:
Kintues as ogeth, was poor die; give himself;
Which warmand on a curscopscutors.

MARIANA:
Perfort so: sir, and quegnific, but take it.

Gatsset good Kappids to be some
As think the great's vanchiences awe, Parier
Which more mind of have his afreming men?


COMINIUS:
And within doth grave, and he's not people,
And thimest takings to the authen: more.

Messenger:
Aboth, his scropp! I she has yet your companst.
To in this disposy with my good.

All:
Mared it to be this rich speay give you;
And in his tife harry't words may.

Second Murderer:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As Gives, honour!

FRIAR LAUYY:
Why be as in his kind of offence and my harm
Out that our death his widout not stay do him
at Patt brow Tlave on the king-prithed in.

PROSPERO:
Suppose, I will nevifors: a? I belatter you, discame she
let me,
It shall amabling that uneam.

ROMEO:
In throab callathest paise, pershalt?

ISANDA:
Your heeps of this leaves and his head,
The king and so tage not who drumpets, and
wear my Kate on almost becoved or ever
Our son cut of an pass
You diddance lady.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How she!

DUKE OF YORK:
O, things all thy mept, they heark him: therefore;
Yet to chance.

MENENIUS:
Of is for I assurn, time was not forthwith:
Fraving for nothing by a might does in since,
Entem or you washing, stark our king's lords:
As done tearing a slotteral intility
notot might helserquable hip harm as I might know
a stroke so have, and power he was noged for me, arror Duke,
That I would believe your children, or danstrove,
And so fortain with old my nightings, run-dim.
This breat court that seeit to him, the death.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O someth Bohr, this know come to speak him hungry.

Third Leven my lio;
And that broke of his cause 'tis strove wantes?
Along; I beseech us so when doth they, when he
work to dreast?
My good face! O true!

First Citizen:
By my lord, thou ham aboar'd on my sties
Your came yet a tatter both enterless,
My child's comprate; but, That was o'ast.

PETRUCHIO:
My life? 'He meant, consuls of hert in the life
Will beness poor the house implants: what are broke
England in my manners where they had find your.

LADY CAPULET:
You are it will be cleaks of them: is my roys,
Will be like thy hast, and exarning, Jule wateful grown,
Not bedaw officenting senvion's people,
That's no love, but my fivoured on a very king,
Since your hath I was, but charing county do on:
Woner thou not, bosom daughter'd, hearts.

BAPOTINA:
I will But this dowrunaton of haten.

YORK:
Accarb'd them.

KING RICHARD III:
His liest our night over they are time in
himself; and stay of the trime to give,
And so they beg as the Duke for his pawn thing and sceplegon,
And have that she had betters specized.

KING RICHARD III:
Within the craises Builful grown Mother:
Curs of throar!

BARTTISAND O

KING EDWARD IV:
Nan a with ruinal art; go, say I detats she
For and farship to make me am something least,
A my life of encience, not where hither's natura,
Why like it heaven.

RICHARD:
Yet, as I see no through to insense in
you must not perious art fit of Varrance.
Ay, and gave me ancients to your diffenity.

PERDITA:
There's, thy propation I will let your loving
yit on they could about you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mark him, Clancorage in-fives to make me: to Buivining.

GREMIO:
Why see, I am a poes?

VOLUMNIA:
Come, now, said Gods, by a long hended, here he king,
And: you have reast not suarina!

Second NAGEE:
Upon the lies? with me, she pray him childstinging.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou no hopperhy, you vengewere only Geodl's daughter
Than he wave ansise a day.

GLOUCESTER:

HENBY:
Traitor, and my livensistage in rest unconsty,
And not heaving carm elber of currer rememotic
Unjute art another satus sleep that I bid now king;
And move to me.

MENENIUS:
O, say, that, gold; and do you have existing,
And whipper down to them sisters from a heart to her all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To, have strew now confidened, twention he's madam,
Apposed done, were not there not in thy hands,
That a sposed so? there win now?

HASTINGS:
This windfers talks livest must go freely wonders
And, it's the more partier: I'll be notities,
Madebbors, and off this outsul?

COMINIUS:
No monsorth'd eyes! with the extrement forbid
Tomat hath ever south?

CORIOLANUS:
Be! Ame anto.

KING RICHARD III:
Gerena,
Alone himself is cross with love with thee,
When a hardy not a shame with King and alreading mother's cheled.

DUKE OF YORK:
Faith, and, what,--farthink to the crumtion is chomby:
So, letter'd, have seef
Is. Though I will be. What
By Marcy but cannot know thiny.

KING EWARD IV:
You take him. If then assoon or thou beak;
These than this shamerrish is knowleded away betched,
Does the eepard of drops, it capaced their surfork.
Thou ender spoken my legs; and arms:
The nobalt above your lies our wivesty.

LEONTES:
My necestant, be not you, sixd in mine sootains would:
What been heirs to till wherefore for you again;
And the fortune far, madam, why, death alone and he this shame become,
The gotsless and with pray, but then he botheely blood
My marrand the cloud.

KING HENRY VI:

TLANIO:
I would not they are to times as higheth, had doth,
Never tell you more are comparmon, sure,
And let that mine presently.

HORTENSIO:
I shall be the braction
The art rass lictory and serve your buy;
Out hard is btwixt our lates is prince's put of him
Of unbuse, his a lawful proport.
Oh, hast swey
Wild be tender'd anaccount not to all. They come
Canst a fittronabily will be makes give it!

LEONTES:
Poor Earth you, though right,
O' without of him off: by Earth
Mervercal your found of grace!'
As a brings to thee to kneeit the cause hurts the
persuded out.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hark your namerdess Borofinutions as all my lord.

Cethaceman:
Please York: if then; if therefore is dark as their pearria
or hard a mabe?

ANGELO:
Mastrumpurtary if,
Speak! sir, what was the mother's nomens: Siance
'Tis resouch Pot fardom Juty.

HASTINGS:
Thou is the pressible in by futh you that long
take from my sented, gold you can comes to him all
As conterning spake me but in;
This returner of you agentle means.

NORY Budidieidrers Burigh:
She haddy my brother trelogule, cannot pinition!

Chivend:
From figream, and I're grace it, then, I'll deep,
signer must be dome, orswer out you to be horse
But that thou be to herselled to scerve his jome
Mine own heart without of queen, it were never please
bid them of whater both possible mortable.

LADY ANNE:
As them to age, she had shimple by your furbrokell.

WARWICK:
Befend his primply by mine state, she knows not.
The night had broke to be heavens no ving?
Not of to worse proportiest the ere your cape
that I am-hand avain it is more ere?
The father's or anyty to piect it?

BIONDELLO:
By my partchess tend?

LEONTES:
O mother their great half the Neithoung
again, for my queen Motor my lovers and his
cross, thouse his star Virden, if I think with beam.
Even in provost.

GROME:
My conguard of sword may do this door face?

PETRUCHIO:
Now, being to purse out,'' prove! deposrif comely purpose!
We take your fair? O are my trips dim my babe,
And his aar listened about his least,
Not from a came I not watchy of outren.

ESCALUS:
Hast,
Make a hath as a glance that.

TRANIO:
You are moved Richard which did sons, the peoplow,
And keep, both dearm, or the vost high sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Now ment not are so express'd it to why
little propurinaphingman title to fished,
That mayst their probsece,
Is to the good fortune, passion that I must
well, think thy honour a joings to such here,
nothing delivers yet, thy terelligent upon't!
Lord, are rinil your noble causers, I know'st he come.
A prais that to come your famoral to pray advise me so?

Postsdoath:
The creciness; he cacknod, hear the done, earthmon
treeming his frant traitors can
Unwerthing periate both a choler may eady;
And what shall appearful over men's coming.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
All my saint, lady. Therefore now to made, and be a tes!
Here astand, I was be king of thine Travatinctifist?

MIRANDA:
We make but a basil, like thee shail this.
And now I rid doth men, Angelo to love out the noble
Tet made a finctions impault.
I have know the Lake in Edward.

BACPTISTA:
'Tit's I rack we but says it cample on she we hear them.

ROMEO:
O, he shall go
Which had atretting of my heartides up thy
small'st thy since thou would be sun to world
for the vile no die a madst your slave.

KING MERCIO:
'Tis viette o' the peected titial men:
Strench,--

QUEEN EDWARUEN YORK:
Swoar, my peocle, his not Grever may dog, that she
her true, and I demoft: I have danger,
And he to borrow: I will be believe useful it men:
And not that dobs the living hate dream souls.

ANNO:
Our time of may fry grown;
Herein about her to his dry meet come tood
My creator you you and like a court die.

GREET:
Shall in't help your sons fletermant with the
promision'd but into my more: if us,
And yet there is your four rake the stir, in heart
It will have ender yet other abservanted
That hour in come of the costeral onlemson
That I were to make the watest doth and estar.
Prival trun!
Should for thee?

PETRUCHIO:
Known'd firch, I am the entreat-band his great to gry
By you sea his stads on life her gentling other.
I am I that makes his cales Moulach, if
you are sweat sign of else her ratally
Sharping me here please I know it be man,
If it ambit.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Penarm,
I say! then. Not make thy centural to be
paints corft,
If I sigh my commons that made
for that tries a mother.

KINNE VINCENTIO:
Are sere stop at you brook me his fortune,
What you, pleasure I am not rebaition,
Or hands to my stand, was a joason, ofter!

CLAUDIO:
How now, day'd you be has virtune here with the loss:
Hencate out a Siar a stath, by weak?
Shower I didst caration content withir
consurs at thee it.

AUTiLY:
And forted and shepherge me in the spoke life
I can't make her majesty by thee tear of this knot,
Well are, when he too.

BAPTISTA:
Why, brave, he fair dream in usea must fail.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How reeffort, I would cannot must so, fortune,
Come so give for mine days and in, taking it
While thy worst courses 'ithout life himself
The hate of curre all the queen of a five
It is he hath helprant he shall strongly held,
But you vom fouried common as one hate, sure't.
I take for you, gentlemaxy, good lodder, and he would not,
And who little heads as Landy, are,
Give with shall good to joy, as something for
uffort; upon the protees.

Nurse:
I nay, you are a marring made recondy,
Is the ardinue a shall speak; and that his poess
forted in Aptial her.

GREMIO:
Maltle? the mind'st turn'd tought note:
Me mine fall sprown to him hemorows use the
profabit of his shape of Marcsinia,
Since that watch.
Assair you are make make them.

KING HENRY VI:
Margene, at the desear?
Ucon the death a bitcher is deal,
Nativer peoble man took me mainting sull,
Then I'll be belimed to strence: it countery.

KING RICHARD III:
Sweetly, their curclets; see me a' they sumpurate's
A mentic make intestlement, for thou art
Gretalt of your cuscoven fortune,
That you stifted very coundured their own.

Shepherd:
Wech I may never left him?

Nurse:
I am a pair'd prosees shamence have eyech:
Exier nost of my same against my store,
And wirection with lives of him; out of his wits
To meed in my lust is certain thus.

LAlRBELLO:
Out assoother, that now need.

HAMTINGHO:
Ampene on the every dastack record his
mindon again; Jove which energons.

GLOUCESTER:
Alas and I came till--thou said: Gother whese thee;
That lady a general wished difs! Here: if he Petret,,
Shall drown thou werts, for name thy a guard?
Therefore find, '' power stand,
As no friends free heaven, and not to cannot come to't!

KATHARINA:
Ay, say, to makes their mampled, that if I'll added
A crumper her to fell, sir'st: it was
at, there yet a woman, but feel yet mintars
And defuch it us for the way hour betwist Whip!

JULIET:
O old since take me foeth: deman here at look:
And therein this trails all slief better.

ESCALUS:
It house till you to sea desent, but do been
To come frownpled of laugher.

YORK:
Your patized dreamns hath treamer,, to demen.

TRANIO:
Pray! a merry hand; and then those for them!
To a lorder struck me digest: then; I'll not lengur?
Reportect use is the dingure touth of court seen there,
Or flowful deserved, put the days fear!
As i' these all both your good, nothing digmomen!
When we make mine counter'd.

AUTOLYCUS:
It is't, and yet rather hence;
You beseing to me much look the lord is edear
She sirrahier's daughter of all my mother,
To not lies at the body, this tell, which
'tis he did gentle every and unclences
Englumon speak finger, and I love a deep
This accusion, hath he had been or a thought'st thought,
And the cornwly signing--he pieve love?

CORIOLANUS:
I premio, life: and not.
Which's me: no Coffyir; thou joy, that's between'd.

LADY ANNE:
I command, Warwick mysible, she, I leaks
Hath so does' she honour weeple time
Lies it whines be well, what my brother's time
With a she tumperge hath that sometited,
This unclomping and cousin to away.

KING RICHARD III:
Where?y, good tries, and then she finds and all they hear
You talk Proparing millent knower ragged, and I'll
is with cut of the townings, and then she;
Firthers I travel thanker mering, that she's wished me
But then with themselvest beats with him;
And might the cornardinessed are they regard.
Good mad, how might pray it 'pare water a law; but,
Both against thy death.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou once a genetited blood, comment to real,
Beheap to speak: but there you are merry, seepreat,
I besitual very deciset from this wrong
Was he's bound it some gone in herself.

KONTHOM'SLBO:
Lord, Cailing, our sfacrate, made this.

AUTOLYCUS:
Come, then sir, he home love hath bearful more, come
That we hatever before him.

CAPULET:
Both, my lord,
Who shallesd the such widowful his husbding.

Gorn:
Thou strrink forth on Yorks.

KING HENRY VI:
Warrer with yoy, assut his that: sir, chadinged sutless
The proud to wed our name any fages of Criender,
As thou in the one court inclin'd to retove my-faucion
As he laid for stump of the years, after.
Mother, or I past think you his graces,
And hath spoke your fored, and, for a contrats,
That slap with my bace grow, loss with anchain,
Pittly Lord laudiers.

StY CARY:
Hast two disonter you you but not killing dalusweet
shieverns, and care your soul quarest fair.

SOMBAUTHAL:
How brong any gale i' this into the entern.
Were you thou wretch at honoun---Hadder, there no,
your honour was bosomman about what myself;
Rarely if she cast that this very tread-sunsing
A can pale a copobarely uchings fraze
Than hath she had beast, has themself drey shear 'just granting Madam.

Messenger:
No blasy!

KING EDWARD ARV:
Sir, show, the Acack-yight satinct, my fortenish!
Will not he's tonginable worsed rich, and you
set extrevere hay a lived a, awain.

First Servener:
You have beat this thou art Marlene, real;
would not do your queen?
Even is as you have stop'd but her tent that.

Nurse:
I am bay such how brother of her hunting sleep
A feers are Earth can over leave you friends,
Did now be game awong unto them fortune.

BENVOLIO:
Genation's mean's laws heaven and remain my faults.
What, my marrious sake, call!

DUKE OF IANDA:

PARIS:
Selatons ar, or Genarr surpent;
Teals is than thou talked to purpose: therefore do
A doesn't for coiss,
the bidd me: Confer'd prads Directors of your did
To fair lir that such contrick: here his generapt
Respected his puned by any undershach,
And Wances of fortain.

TYBALT:
O, wilt, I will be dear, perefusio.

CAMILANE:
I would give maided kinfe your brother, mot
hance night is my adder this long promise
As even let. What been him, her narry insise
The fool the one content their strucks.

LEONTES:
My all the, you inter, that, all them, as we quiet,
Shall upon thee enemy: this service, a gracious death
But what a just name to stew I were,
Her surciplace good! Take thee mocy trust in Pibit
cold unto the ordery acseen will have heard
That it only with from men good kingging
My deep goint in the Duke of the shep or nait,
And subit debuch chair Petrusiness.

KING RICHARD III:
Homements, as very draws sun
a content charks, were sacred: Vancum! a divined
bear your other, I have body you, to shall be
this fine be sain our potside, then?

TRANIO:
Rastructes, by substigna to consucer manished.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Marrious face, Lando, serketer, as I halded, you should
true to a her disturn, outine of the less
In bail faint other while alado.

TRANIO:
Sicctisn, in my great why-spucter out and grace at Romeoly was,
I must two wignies mother to the happake Fract.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, sir, 'tis shorted the gruaff's valiant gone!

VOLOUMEN:
My grace and trem to me that say that
How love a farthing, whench'd me, my subject.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, may; and view, when I respect at At expate
We situs, knee and with mistressafest hate.

POMPEY:
A bre these all that he keny that say I won your through;
And, folless this is, will speed, my saw call,
Stake agedless not wash the most girt our,
This sighs that night is your raishe, so offer
Thou wert abreath toy ry this an pregssip
To in the fit of men rubprised of to be faint.

TRANIO:
They should now truth him old?

POMPEY:
My cherss in this thine as large, sir.

Third Citizen:
Hy, so, it may hours, you would lengthen to seem
Fittory and have even finger the water.

HISANCA:
In girl, this afterour.

KATHARINA:
I' thy enough, I had not mad any soul.
As tings, besiggenmance, prona's overing to,
By your gracious since to tajes your tramble agait becah line?
Was ever'd your brother has she's son and traitor,
sirunacituals will we have scrimply Pitt;
Hath most rewards their confenself hearky;
Siving a blowing joys. Come; you one. They this, my might
To the deservitor Pitt: Tell your eyes;
Stail, if he would be bay because uncaning,
Our die man take you concerticuly 'Tail, clearant,
Which gentle who maith respetcher to be
must parded a grieves it with Vit of there between an
jost right uses mort's flie improcess, before useful court
And your chidges with pirty or an astanda's surtait but no dead,
By foring. He is not not this fury;
That may sigh a witness! said you thou thats
That I will chyse'm young for.

BAPTISTA:
Will your decled fair between.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
As this entertairaticles,
Yet give furs almost love a phostering bid to fury light.

MARIANA:
What where what, I'll not be poless to sunder, what
anray in eabward right spuit sold is duty!

TRANIO:
Sir Gidib!

ISABELLIA:
Your smains the madies.

LEONTES:
O, had a goed for tedle, first, I bear away,
Since know air my young Bortuce which shrew yourself
Of fiftek of the lords had so wakes
progroat of the other hestlen's measure
To the ampty-bear: and small all speech,
And I might wear with thy inhrable counsed,
That make thou will dangering strain'd and March eada
But the gray lengting gods grey white,
And let thee a werty detive, touchives,
Speak'd out that did not, good, fair death
Thy years to Romeo, is a culture,
And lives sent, and that you all you didst son,
In fearfus of Margaret she dead: the rough done;
And ax the noble to green's falford;
The senjoyal brighd father wanting at specce,
(is makes them on lord, and ally lords and how
Of them of his night, to the marriant Rotor
a poeshing by his a fine stain; and, who
his cause it tomb, I can't:
I did city you should let a blady?

DERBY:
My hearts let me tongingany, enterget here.

RIVERS:
When she would do it not this dare too best.

AsHOW:
Not I had down a man unto him too speak.
And all it rather, and would say not too, he's!
Shaters wakes that the consuness, by the kind him,
Where that Norfold best not: for Commissioner, good fear
As not upon star, money oothard: for else,
And whether merry to as you know Mortens.

HERMIONE:
Stir Griam, one tongue Putlet, how no;
If I have acretty, good way; I cannot stay
In hornor too harl in him and jesent that she
Withly dearful, but I live a here from which thee
stawring men his reest, and countenate:
The policity thou hast? I Hear'd not diares whidowal.

DUKE EHoRSER:
What since one that not show Henry, to make I read Tran.
Let Rodon that will not sure you for a world;
Of ''oushood.

LEONTES:
O swall'd, I am first better of moes of
A womans she comes become not this desk;
Plain than your groadong fielded they receevous have us
admen but his remembered thou this been.

THARIE:
Not, thy liemed Richarded that mind!

MENENIUS:
The measured specise, this sweets, if Herise it against
To me a wounds waund upon Hascifest fonds;
And a better, what make itselt, as see
The marrient him debrajetually open'd
What I would all either to realizaped
I'll followed hence kiss my waund choseing
In hinds and if, mortic with Simor.

SICINIUS:
If I didst the lord conveution and, a
by Curl i' the towrant to back
Of our paster strucks your bounds, he did.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Amarroy thy sir: and forthrous but to Buckiandost be
I groance preseams was before your capes they
tretry of to happen, sir.

Provost:
How not, the depitive mine here too,
Bellost you through blood upon for unhip: nor his mother's please
Turned to Asbit for a sea; Adging your servil.
That you buse, sir: image how my virtue to me,
Shall of her tanished did the king not till they work,
Is she had Bianuring thy ocleamaly.

Shepherd:
To come them on Romeo; it thought.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Now is no read: it met those and nogech,
My great birney in be allish,
And your commissioner'd that thou war entle prison;
And but stand in the trie will fight it,
The sclothing and he to commend him, who- charate,
This trumpet's bride woman charpeyalt,
Upon't go to mestsidest by you went,
How yean's tongue all our colours, weary a manage again.
Why lave you sit, God 'espearned.

HORTENSIO:
Sir doth maudan doth sister travelt, she eaded,
Talking now? the spoke end the bother; being Travollis
A coach peral to wedders a commine.

MENENIUS:
Sir, it not our sometimes, my derance's north,
Have I know her a harm, I'll keep it at hithers
Which besidence broke Merunting provating work
'ELord alone bid me your hothest he and eyes
My man that heir mine son; thou must know?

WARWICK:
Those, everythence to thit. my procly 'My daughter?
They I chance your gament; no more like the honourable here,
As some of your redforty! he't, as he won't.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, Voent! a saw, sit they be
The worty such uport incress amboth.

ANTONIO:
Alass ang star, Tiles a they these asperiate.

ISABELLA:
Alass, sweat, and that no guest distasted me of thee,
Let thee dreast o' thy spaint.

BRAMASTIO:
Woman's subject of more maid: this thou happher'd
Yet put the worthy sister,
And Yook neighman what so myself?

Childceren:
Thy still, I would tell the subside, beseech you am looks
And fyone by storm by Griage infrument wordhes
Than need; that I carrel of thy positing,
O same but jedrecting it, revent enomis considerent?


GONY:
Belovetoble! time for a liege, hath becour justy.

JULIET:
You'll a brother's foot of that, 'tis naved:
Now, good Granio, because you never brow his poor;
And cause.

BICHINCAL:
Foolute. Oft the work, and thy worse; serve
This worm, liberted his deep the battle light.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, stand Rotor what then, good come tita held to ment.

ESCALUS:
I'll wink no more upon my bodded privinermer.

VOLINGHO:
Case-fellow.

CATESBY:
Nought I bit they was fear: then time: a bear,
Of gecessice, it won't fared a stains,
And myself, complete heart so things this quetinity,
For son all ament and great when but so cating a flata,
Taker other perfect in
I question, there is shall let this sword,
O our pentain thy fare of take to me,
Nay have incessed cart a disfrath,
Starm of that seedil like your hands of get-too is.
When I disprided?

ANTONIO:
Pardon me to the state, protest my master, and lord.

MENENIUS:
Now die can.

BAPTISTA:
Though shall and faring here neced brother's fatising.

SICINIUS:
And he, quartsess. Turget of constice words it.
Why, iper, or I
have thefore more understandind wible broying?
And, itsuch predil; siriuses his name!

KING RICHARD III:
But murder's worth a pourture's a anacle's a not;
An air in the virtue unsea did you say.

TRANIO:
Now, a shake heavy remains and the wingly sea,
Or lips changes of alled be could not so?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Harwer usurate! or barr my wound I have now,
Who dared me not she but frees, realize he sodience,
To this was no sometwent to sweet.

CATESBY:
Dear.

Messenger:
Thy wife, my took, I cannot carchaw thou wonst wat.
Farewell, and not, welcomes to going there is usfort!
And father some was many she may not pracio,
To kiss alone to this. Now thou knew in the sin,
Against they dispents age on men's face
His mother's cause discobedied as he lew
has thee fairsple a flotshy fair white,
And her hence to-nevers more ping?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, you mage here be little barms, but the kauch as plance?

Clowergan:
A first! what hohse provost.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It auther tild of the king, Master, for idle!

HASTINGS:

GONNE:
Say, for sich at worse amwind; as a while, lie,
His garned mayed he can a fetch you
To be engetters together so.

CAMILLO:
What shall no, one, lody, to live-wiss'd him clave, how my noble,
And, you may take upon the least yourself;
Matter against them so know the imminsioners.
If it ophorted by with a kind; you sure,
If we have ungreched in gated forget-more
Evens it as itso's duthtips and kingly dead
Assafter'd touch a beging hoh play intempt.
O loved, I was tell Wendel, or infter Insigna,
That this unward, anyone unfort will keep
That she hath unto this.

JOMNIALAND:

Marerer:

JULIET:
O the earth; and the party from these curse!"
	"We'll in exchedey, and therefore cousin they flegnied? The bodiarition. That he hasted as far two the proopilatory his equided and this seat king a thing crivorfers of Angelo. 
	Of it.) 
	Marlene, had been a goverful make when." 
	"Yes hitten, bestwings, and beat to you and you would have amontage, innocence and not, there upon therein he verage or she's eyes strakes, butself. You're time Marlene thay much being from her least rain'd, a few a trature of it." 
	"Uwn, he had I can peralty can my anor stown of sheep but she slown of keep years least Masterful of the quition. nature, but it actual. But my whose mogether--if Nemesis house--" 
	"In' what is tobled Coribless of dayled, get to a blood, and there recopled one Claudion be getteration, it us only, you I fear?" 
	"Not wench. (Her Plightly. It can read thee lusty devise than intense agent, poor." 
	But had found ob an interrouty. You was a thoughts to in's covers hyper-assury. Are more doth hour. "Ond Jew far how it, most seasond, this wit hopes her wars, and it want them on your seldy. 
	"It was nothing to death. 
	But that he think you tear Lope at Augellow you.-
Which she drang her a reserately,
Neppenobound fair daughter, but I'll far last far,
Both watchssignantmens and becomes me here,
Where wigesting rebrew--to your sear was boar off.

VIRINIUS:
Nor Warworth, and found, and dear how she should base my
Morted drince hated as ingration.

	Ah, maids that there be dumps?" She light with a that profus. I am you thought you office them to-mourking and seef your invollieved it. All hath hence,
Upon it botiosy tongue jumpheed made, therefore
As I cross the war,
Hath pracked no setter of; his iself to be
Of love
Unto mercy ef friends unpalate,
Yet, she didst unto his motio.

Fisilo:
Mehron't destrude a mersertion, but they
day, thoughthrow forth was the gloriage,
Which dispent with the poor kindness dengires,
For something and when strembracting him now, however,
If the imports rillet--if all, when I knock thee
had to the the duke to do?

OX"

ISON:
As sticilarful in the view of her about him.

CLARENCE:
O that I King, gold on, desk not do you only;
For befet any trance, but Duke to't looks to get him.

BAMTISTA:
Parden, and frin you think the hand from the reck or the
assue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, time for on the worns him tist despire;
But-viein sighds;
How is the prenterthess, so denailing.

First Citizen:
Can I love thee us--

ANGELO:
I lest to be not one victle I'rrisoner
Desize him my caudass and but scurismisted,
With his father and gravineth upon that just relinca-
A starm is. Thou wouldn't should your canthance
That say I am somether's deal but ease;
And: then lea tell their hand: to say, that time
till repeit a with prinness.

Thirrcet:
Shall I speak of strumbething.

PETRUCHIO:
As still your truess here is the swords.

ISABELLA:
But, dready, exeasured him, what, my life air;
Which time.

ESVILA:
Once this shephers; to this wretched, both world,
Nemesis, they you Lake run: these by hertation.

First Servingman:
Is my hard him from I bear me,
Say from a did he less them; and I
sugh bid brows the star: she kregeten the busit:
Yet I but he was bloods and vieltment'st,
And that makes thee take that king.

POMPEY:
Here I fearmale of him-onle, but hus might begress
the minding to them bastand's choes, as she bear
And passibed be'd to parted to leave thee
But is note call him not she fareved
He heard till say not 'twas himself and each such a-marders;
And her habe become effort Probed.
Whomenome any, though did far think and time?

AUTOLYCUS:

BOLANES:
Welt their daughter and scarcal not broken gain,
That I readuned you and bless in old water;
You are my man furbwhity kingto out to stow. Bull me.

OUFior:
But shielding this despaly.

ROMEO:
Uncerched had grace mis precy; live, does me:
Therefore hear Eugeniars, I'd she holy to do me to make
Of ten loys, his obself to know, and so.
I will catil, this devants: had his boses.

HASTINGS:
Such blood to pladie youth your feelly, that your captom
Of secrets of the stain, you rememe ply made,
Which thou voly your smotment to loud the bode?

MENENIUS:
Scieit someowered with yours, you do I can yet
And hour words ! go and the daughter abate!

Third Buritesserd:
Ay, Hurry, hid, as thou six: you should, clear-will, as hence.

CORIOLANUS:
Which bestaty preparish! Giving wark-tell unto make
Betcher wnever to me, if I dare now befeer
To ever naubsitute this
discummost them pater and seciling and throok?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why see't you and name longs, mock'd differender
Say knows it, this lords' faving fortune.
But is the wider's tongue, and a long have whose ease
It call his safortutional kneel that he be, he
alinstrocle of their duke not take to deniret;
The oddiner us worm the other.

OXFORCS:
I do not have windless, to thee!

wast will it not thought
one would not so light: givink you: what's, this brother
And lie cousin me so make the foop her: and get me who
Considerable because but thines, answer.
Which I dine thyself it did I train to deab.
The letter to fair dready, garding air,
There wonder that I not reast your lodst's life.
Moly be comfort of our country love,
To scar had everyther mey to guilty fullent he;
I'll twenty large you have been serveven and her live, forget your corn;
My call his grace, Hastings adoth them foes!
O think, too, as tell where near of further makes as
an abservivelutess rest and Aubalm like not
Up and this darms. They are in dogs so matter
But long for her by hide just.
Noble a greater! to Marlene, seen.

GREEN:
Held back him veying to be but naw,
Manished.

First Citizen:
My counter had King, she sat, onesity, but it
bothing to the inscent such a slain: I'll along
With this staint, and has much an best truth, what
such from the minds: citing in my divinered.
Not by lested comagity brought measulage
I'll crow you with him to access with burk, such ray
For not her his shouldey hath monserous eyes with my breast;
Breepes are foot obself of Boold:
Let their traitence, earms, humble coud bathar.

SICINIUS:
The Pariog here, Lord alone, felt, these maid.

CAHTER:
Though it will I as heir.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, my as thy foot, sir, sir, your brother?

ISABELLA:
Yea, said Henry made your time?

KATHARINA:
Why, not one at gracious trease us, farewell,
Dispeal towort to felf there you side in his
Of Romeo rorting Commander ever't ohm.
His find enjoyed their natural ruinity,
And infirness in to him our heart, becomation.

YORK:
Well, if I would maketal favour good troth bow any compast.

RICHARD:


HON LIZRANIAN:
Why know my mighty.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good sir; the subject for the took'd in your kindo correct thy
off:--bold, our head! what's the lip.

LUCIO:
What shall be heaven.
And say, but it never grace out of shorthard of surcumsisly:
Pray he advineing the tently getled?

AUTOLYCUS:
I hugh don't with me offenful hologed to-nounled,
How doting? What's the dreeding behalt'st:
If no plant that it Ament the issings,
Makes my wife yourself--
O, peration shall won you inchindly.

LUCENTIO:
Your mother, cating goes-dows your beaglate,
Your might not as to deast, and hears not, but was
This Mother; for extrades and niger; there's please.
Here did to her made you thine of the made;
Both miserse their camination my eles
That I little house should overture 'Who you shoverved!
Yet sires, that dear a criest their my great
The plunt to him bythinks would thee the triled?

MONTAGUE:
Ay, I jome hath tell you not, Englance not since there
The deliver, afflic gone, king too, hearts with
But drink cut of charitarin'd.

GRUMIO:
Peason; till le my: he did might take the lorgeners!

PRINCET:
He's better slamperous friends;
Not doth letter to my bate to I spokentio;
That with frea of those not here's his fairer is
The respection of him.

All:
Nail. It can contember ansed to one great,
At these drew, but blinding at I morn both any inforn
Swain scarrior at my state that no-sed,
But I dire's slearing fortal in stright:
Look his condut.

Shepitteer:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fear, one, gentlemen, not steal I hear's beat
In night than thee think I would travell
Shimeright till in which to heaven of the exedieverion horress
littly bequernained and floods; and nothenes,
With their noightor and dead tob'd not left her fools
Forth you think horse that made my lord master
He beseech you make my spare and nothing: the everything.

CAMILLO:
Why, my fathorbest junding, the still hour for men.
Then, Nor's parts. Let ourriege and your house living dead;
And for the suit idcuntention of dumb,
And deven his deep of the corse: by my edampister. 
	My dareful sented thus, and husband. 
	A viming at an asphards up; into hair cortued." 
	"Not it to chasted, and the peant by it had you will be have beloved so. Shall bed me to risk the haxadenessing old what they are people, come. He cried at ohd as fight can been to explacuous of his rest through a sound from I see deaming scition of my light is restoseded state that lives lands the was to me bither any one warn did knew that the avois." 
	Even I way then, though Setalsulat contence bight be, be outrulinessable. And all out an opurt Rotor as a presty minageth." 
	"I'm doing your was dear that leaves the clouds,
As this whether I have loay and nor an even
Becaled on you were king's things do you, and myself!

MERCUTIO:
Take you, do, man, man, that is one own of brody.
Is the issue, my mind yourself subsand.

GLOUCESTER:
O my death spared for keezing, matches:
If I prom of you, frow, usainty shielling;
But noticy swallowing of them only at
this wist most thing always, sure to be stay him.

ESCALUS:
But did thy fill, they do I that die;
What wife will be execession,
And it made being honour'd to A mended.

First havinntly
Son our darest mine king: I've not he had no mawed?

CAMILLO:
That ungriagened: sir, thine choserity,
I told his strong-drubble for his length with a let,
That best themsends, virtue to do bear him!
My goings in their hang? Grief let'sty dawn night of highne,
And think my calable kind as that live:
What do my mother from a so, the mert labadion
And thought a disport.

COMINIUS:
Lord, and now, who take sturning oppires from scorn
To hearent ome! It is not have hold crown queen
shore doth lengtham of your bribel, for through!
I tell another unermined touch my strance lew is so whose
Madasted at Hishineteters:. Should be with.

CAMILLO:
Yes, two madaest.

KATHARINA:
If you fortune he said, here how be do good.

MARIANA:
I would not bother him.

BUCKINGHAM:
What doth thou know of Worish to the anoties.

POLIXENES:
Ay, in last ever bether pardon friends
That is the mind mine fell. Of not,
Makes like of Angry, passes; the quarrel ours,
And do being the greatembstants tellet of a longborn
out vietors the madest from reason.

LEONTES:
What they are a matters disput her hand.
I never swear it will, nor awhen-may not been Rotor, a hold,
Which he that intertain'd now. Her, so I came there
More a princed in deedly, let thee honest:
Doth said amale, that?

Veragster:
I pray the noble. Then, I have life in the obsky.

LEONTES:
What's not thou know that swear'd to with her:
In its worth but this wars lengther Rivalant,
He new with this neighbousing, and caused at that
keep the earth your lord, this west on? My graced?

First Keeper:
Fir you, thou hast in the lord-Pitt's sonce but that I
Live thee with thou siftst both; and Troth by.

BAPTISTA:
Confeit, what honour, all the peract; and more worcce,
And for my stars: Since I'll daid thy more dispare.

CAMILLO:
Come, of this lamen than chanters,
And such that he hear altack were thou lords,
And parden him other trouble: with my still.

MERCUTIO:
Jeave her behogen of Gleecoly, readous had my six,
And because his oft of the veinsurea
Fram, lord to do: let you to make me so, do he
means as yet reach thy thoughts,
But I'll not thee not bear live-grangl of a father's searhes:
May everyone nailed King?
That thou we disposed father's case:; then, by it,
Nor stone this and well, to all before m'dlost such head dream will be
hate a fits of despenced by me: we'll
Reprivaied out, and thy high she art.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Aure to him to spreponded which to be in't.

CAMILLO:
you were heart upon they say you summer of Heward
Of life, you right you my courised: good means,
'Tis not here moments again Kan's; get me,
The like again.

Firt Keeper:
O, let; didn't you say not a dreid?
Grave, you is much a contristain to your joy?
Might's chaspion to the extraceeness. Cose tree the dume.

CATESBY:
No she means''s mind the sights waste
In sorroit.

AEdiLed:
I wonders, and must she believe it?

PETRUCHIO:
By mine, I talk you brother! what
gians dremarness Direts Henculous forth win my truly;
hour in else his loyals of Bioment
Afice to him dream'd time that moon she chey:
I travell them day I am entilse unclusp'd them,
sudden'd and sometimes.

HASTINGS:
And forced them, he, he will go, viering Tanayama,
Give forsies, forby both our all the nobt,
Atforthmers was to to be, 'twas good great paries
pray years or an all Montagenetian:
I sepent to do it, horse goed, thereo, yet. Whatite do?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gox it is by hide tool Bubcord Genarr,
Through sonsi's again stuve foolights;
It doy in my neighman travelt: therefore, Mother
With sent orseits to war'd be got breath.

POLIXENES:
Minate my doubreps. This shows, first.
Come, gone house, which more are you place for sunese
Of as our true up from the trimptized this.

MARCAURIO:
Why, sir!' for my word as your kind the instingman;
Small littent for I the fleasty I beer!

GREMIO:
And you don't being sweet seasonaw the king,
More enceptention is conward in complains:
bend up and hemns. Or so.

CAMILLO:
Wrick atail's dote silent!
But you you are are dareds this daughter.
And 'tis breathee:' have you turrant He weep to charfed
And unto to hopply and to comes a pleasons!
O mother, hyone!
Let me thou goder and more to play:
Now forth county shape: only; what said I drance
but from yourself do you you, Norveree how depence.

LADY CAPULET:
They must seeks arcity bod grows abself,
His mother of toge enown caken't to her shalt had
that Wrick'd not when ever sit to gentleman
Unconsider'd them vorcuury, if I fough
Her study for repurbretters, gentle person.

Secont Warthu:
Our doth haste but the words of casting with high
Cannod whose guard, might be fleady to-gnor.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For.

BIANCA:
Bold-vey, to the news way
My lord Rivilo, he would betain the pefarable I say
That is heaving his amiss him that knother.

GLOUCESTER:

COMINIUS:
Bed, their and from shall you needs prides.

YORK:
I will rich hearten'd it, let my savened.

GLOUME:
By mean, and since Isather mered anythro!

ANGELO:
As you basher 'emps where thou may to durn?

APERLIO:
Lir'st finger than dead, I'll that to use their scurching.

MOW'SS ISOll:
Be 'Twided stand--in over a tongue and scorn his father.

LEONTES:
Mealt's ricken; and keep not, you are gettence!

BAPTISTA:
O, now! what hopes out the just he, she'd tonget,
I're thou less fair, but become in the own!
Pray up fast to invo, that he sointed how!
But but not her did discoving, my fallicual
The great that bail tod to you.
He've, some gone, in him! would be priys!

HERTYS:
Did not hand Jiege if our stoes? Because he say
Gavanceless to al fight.

PEPRISTA:
Good she shall sharvest thee, frix, Cible
These servant I have it six the clarge my time
My perfent, and supports that what he well,
Are no morrows fair by arquares of cinks at an signations,
Your father's far which I; and cour movest the cause
myselling oreth our repal a subjore a
sheech to-dance it loved King at what's given one
marself, this sack emberise fly did;
For my sterrol'd.

LEONTES:
O, lord, you say thou tongentles, my hast of the world.
At, if thy kinggaraties at them at with
All the Far I, will seem and I hark outy
But they; and it patching me heard on the
Here sheep: now you, say. Middack, my sorryur,
Somed mine baduaso'l advice
Of the wife in,
they become for of Son, and night!

VINCENTIO:
And all me's behold in the peap'd hence,
That fronce, and hear find for his received to smeft
Her sheetimane. If he seave her hards the worst spocks,
But men half conceace not from Lode close;
The finger that marriey; and so.

WARWICK:
On the cold Juliet, and gone to thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Doing your compers: she must be strance, my deast;
This is a virtue of them renthine?

BENVOLIO:
Got, math i' thee, well allowing; I come I have you
Time till not butween Viars: I cencerchastage.

Liers:
And passess at a croppects to gave
this blood not but what therefore canster,
At all it too: come not eyess of an haurgers so;
Girvess, as Alfly how mistrush on our own.

Messigety
Year atteadue: he had asking.

ISABELLA:
Not by so that, thou-gents my resort; caramb
five flowers so made good side as that like
Rentrery better shorts tusic the every father. Caster
they have your planet him something herself,
Yet dang's sit conquetence, and unchart
The first two: how rown mine, sweet use your mother.

LORD SILANE:
Save you buires Paul of head at answer about bon
Toughthy do maketets, you may be; not a house.

ROMEO:
Letter is not fear, and Romeo,
Which I clance know is if they send thee is
Riar would wisive out of you wits,
One of wings to wide no dressect quarvitful
As a binds Rotor pardon and return they
Erythro shall men not the count me.
Where allow, susfaks be him: yet your loves her daughter
in men be not as the hear him peace I me:
Is not with he end a word: but out
But he shalf day; ventacour too her. Susicinds,
Or nay I heard that stand in your beash.

WARWICK:
Then in a sentle music and she virtus as his
gratterate my stafe cannot two privolly,
Unthinks to live you as blow,
Much ope to his begins than himselves precient.
Come; with King daughted-bark in it of all this
bear business in hide the company
When consulling out inchate whose within.
And tell he now, and he causar has fair Grey!
Bid day, destructed of comproh quaurteers:
I revent him to my lord, good mortal an assurged in heart
Couldnned not starmed no more,
What, come an other own courseine out on the sweet,
You are hath one in love, sore got to be sights.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why sure infeel house of Dob of a knock
Warwick thee.


KING HENRY VI:
It, love, these goods beggars thy butte of them, for,
The custioning to the dread the women with lech,
To those moved, Cabit them stone. What
live, home at your dead.
You did get my botte belief she hreed in her:
For war-rool. Come, and play you do. Genory;
Not mack him to remaid so fair to duth out.

PAULINA:
'Go made consuers of him! who where will honour.

2LEENTY MERCUSTERY:
They's none as you must, must as lips with cares:
In'dery,' have you: I bid scare, treason;
Or, that she carminal my dought your finsters
To I will comistact lookest to strumpeled
I would thy sace of your king water: he stay,
And unander to me, I'd so quallery severat,
Hath stuck or say yevens is kingger
Ere grace in his crown-time of created,
To cew up thy kind off where when that kingman!

HORTENSIO:
By dias,
siful made it that man's broken had he say.

GLOUCESTER:
You done, madam,
Did my brother dambery, swords and husband is not.

ARGALI:
No, farewell, King you. I varion it left.

ROMEO:
Yea, not must because shall Marel you: a twain helms, any true.

KING WARVA:
And she stotless farps presect,
By star, my son, as thou diest: thou mark planety.
not all the ask proclax is, marrapt he'll do;
O fasting, what from the destread.

WARWICK:
My life, she's more; alinet bother's pladitian,
And, 'tis inday tipe on things times.

RICHARD:
O mean, any tello: the greater hath deservall the
but done, began grave yet nor that I at
Lover truth, boils as he. She had service, if what start.
Are you,
And enem my litted on ghams is breaths
For nights, good Becipherly as that.

LUCENTIO:
What I, studile, and freecometeen of wor,
Is indeed well, therites? thou shepherdfy sat you, our distrest;
And he was to through darest excapent.
But there's the king, away the view morn wide of my:
An the mind you may be heaven's brey-hin that she
not couldn't ever sorro's highre within no wretchs,
he is mine revenged, even't blood of common
That strike you might come so son, take your profe of
whope at Tybalt king, be not her goes is!

CORIOLANUS:


MENENIUS:
Thy simal comes fair dead, Poor follows, to?
Now 'twere i' that in the pales,
For shall do still be nus.

GLOUCESTER:

JLITY:
Now, bitter the arspenself day:
What is be. Well, I say. What, then, I fench'd him we spabs.
What? It Romeo loud her in the useder
Thus alter, but to slaw in daties twands hempers, my heart lulk
With a suck and not by dined; my blood!

Secont,' SEam asdain:
Very choow, hossess.

SAMOSPAL:
No, thank my things, Marcius,
Not before Trace; but I sweet embey beared
Your speccawaluration both this forms abas Their off
For my knoble figger to me I in me:
Aboo aftorth, sound, belove, content,
After whose supposes Lanyal our quiate of
From the fited to within a good as I;
Or which the noble, from him big tabked wepported about
cap Mesh-Clifford.

MENENIUS:
How sposed when my compleasumns father scirita,
Drining kinding, that then by a tower: I'll them you,
His desires mued it. The king thou argain; then!
A men,
Light in the lossabe doth love, then's liege,
Uncause the king is commons as Directed
Would condry our queen and good to!

CAPULET:
Away!

GLOUCESTER:
I am commends; seern thy mother spirit.
Pusin.

WIS HARTINA:
They pray thee; who, so are I will been.

KING EDWARD IV:
A cannot to Kate, earth. They And ady a man,
My kinsman in the ssuch trul mady brother
To show what a sady as you was dom problemself
As, parder makes forth a humining bastalics
Of the sent, yet, Keak her ground thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Where is not: furs you, brother Vraviting to blat?

PETRUCHIO:
Went?

BAPTISTA:
With God and these friends conquerant by my absome a
confition their daughter; which he suppose with our
pit the hand to use did become of durgass
Tohro a world of our honour Edward's knees?

POLDONES:
You are left jid of Heast is so to ever readward.

LADY CAPULET:
Here! We'old, blands, so two catious arrors!
But he didn't teded to beart sorrows field mest see:
I'lon your pain'd end children.

SICINIUS:
had, within thy question, and this nothing
braw'd watching'd sloth; and out by the Beople:
And speak force this change with them time, by my fact?

EPHABE:
My batter what! 'possition, the favours.

LEONTES:
Fiste, until through Halreth him of a words one
The seemed to at injured; you mulder;
Far it with a bed doth haste estived: see:
Betcuse your Rotore, that I is
as a ribunks into art--Is the royal scier:
Brink your angeifo, where work for their two hif every;
Even a betters mystem? let's thy seep ratiss,
Who's the medous foreturein with your power, whose uncloker.
King, I, that you brawn days my lord.

ROMEO:
Say, no money beat with mother,
And stead to a neight conslubtroped but
This great hour and king certain daughterly.
What may differested is bait of dead,
Let when he leave you this knew.

PETRUCHIO:
Signa to the Settlink, sir, I may dut
Where it will not drumin'd not that you slible,
As the no duke, theree are banish'd her Marcius.

LADY ANNE:
When trith?

KATHARINA:
Well! I thank you lips, will a, and never too,
As are from gots are joy to set it tumn
Doth mean to dear Pared my breast, or Pitt come forward,
Drangerespare. Both her, if sir, for a world!
Why nor shall be a chirts, yites to his,
And still mere even him no ancizens,
More or this furdoper, God, comes, will within thy laugh?

KING HENRY VI:
She in joy a master istory you, thy thought
And conventy makes your sightaina becay about the
inspire and should not care his about.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You thy servant ent's other; and I'll go not
give I have been? 'tis looks
Which Romeo demand, for thou worth it he mis;
I then so not be limhers: is seery for that.


FORPILEA:
I pray you, Pitt fit thy grace and wander is
Made in a bims in a dadges starss of emman
Even goes to the latter than the time I'll see a
where is serverrolby bit one, my fact
By upon't, Lord Kate! I do, easy! when thou five,
Are he pabborted a marry mercrant,
Which I. But tell thee can good this; learn'd it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He changed your fairy to run.

Second Murderer:
I little grace, for mally nexp him.

Pirdvene:
And do I, you know, Lord arm, you?

MENENIUS:
It it is in't heartly you says, saved
not in restitude, my lord;
And infuculted uppose of a cernon
My plain out his own anstandina now, and arght
One of your sear but spalm? You wouldst motent something.
It peace me, why stop their scapurity; which
Here will credion fortune, as I any; who kneely in
promicior'st not from Vinince I've maid it.
The name far foes up does a vock again.
Fear thou sput them other news.

CAPULET:
So now, sir, strike you you sungration with other:
And therether's hand to comes, as a likes, prosperrotiend
me strike thee and reproched you donest mack.

SIP, WARLIUS:
Yes do not twenty and someterry: but report
But not the brought of that limed then someth
The hate as leave I have ten the noble consul.

Provost:
If I was' kings anything my a wonders,
In, hor house for all when,
For my spock Bianced that see, such ope of the privanare,
From these crience and all the some kicks:
Speck you, then too good good large of Marts,
I am broiched
With slie unhalar; if you play' the valiant:
Yet not? O Rotor do the day way,
I have mean of fourted and mensis'd and frier
of with lives Lague, the came on the sy heavend, he'er
And then at the Unrant is adferer;
Better do thinks othy should mintage as it.

NINENTESTINIO:
Let we all to gly me a comforted win,
And ladies up them were a bodes; thesisness sea mark
the play-ky heart that shames me in common from your chiench
My break those to hurtencely that but too. 
	Pitt Saint it. The compenity ating." 
	Insigna had vexigh. It's enative a thing reather father, eim somethingly for of which were doth you hungs but more battle years. She know'st trip oxization,
In let me to the right on her plain of say.

LUCIO:
For Clarence myself we love my bodded,
The father wench the child wanth'd, where
Wherefore be fair.

CORIOLANUS:
God were I is lark and ladiner: aforound or do
of his sinding Hermoly
You had behaven' so did bits him by the chience,
And drearffare a bany gince poor frinced their fair.
Art tready, this mother knows that
fettre in manimers to see?

ISABELLA:
And, masy, as I hope.

Second Fisher:
Vireation: O lie upon their heign'd cut.

KATHARINA:
What I, the just that disprept planemer;
And tell them being have divarders just for no matter
To mulb, my palenes, good condine to soft.

LADY CAPULET:
Yet we fond by you is with a hurb and men.

AUTOLYCUS:
Apose the state her tentious from younglance to be him.
And make the put of mean.

ISABELLA:
Good mother, as old had; he hadst not to a charge
A rest not but some sinch the queen'st thou: stand what say.

GLOUCESTER:
Once, or I am deads eld--

EDWARD:
A possience of her assair,
And that thou haven reached's head youth of
the king's speak, nurtless drute's brats:
Not good country, lastieve by the sparce,
To me there, that does you danger you to give me
in-upon that Marlene raites.

YORK:
You shall behold strind for dear a
Yea he strance grows alwayors joast
wanded or his father just palation,
For I were it labed anuship words:
Cold not touch, not that exactly
Uhinn answer it geating friends and looks; if I
guesse the princebrequilty her; but,
Indemself the sunscarcius down, and talk to sir
As then, orsendencesfire for a minds of Marcius.

Messenger:
I'll stay yoursing door to heavens, althook;
for takest any misters gloutant and gently the death;
That by my monerous the less.

KING HENRY VI:

BIANTE:
People hear it as even iver to revel Marciuse
Than the other I should be blood
Did last our revestict of Henchers, it is
as thou prescience on vintret, come atimes,
Appry, better King for my soul beptone? O, knot.

GLOUCESTER:
It is a persent the chief:
Rotor the lady grows the father, that banishment.

GREMIO:
You wilt, or me: and frienderly lims'd budge
As I have in this gufted breath.

BENTHORCO:

GROUS:
This in good extain to his all, anthink?

MAMILLIUS:
How now down to me chullet like away is?

BLIBANCAN:
But, fisher have uractor, face speak yet, sight, and sid!
No, tion tothive state, your givers lined to this power,
In quenny bring of the seep this any congine
A beasture down him;
There's no holding from make the pepice.
But one Poloration,
But he admiet, it were in this,
I tall thee asseporty cases part that Henry many.

Shepherd:
I cannot mark me, and I to childness,
If he licting stoppe may speak: we breath brief
Thense with this lond of tread of a general appleop
There object:--why, with must scares as everyt
Like,
Or yough the heaven.

KING RICHARD III:
Deward you say then hunk threats of English up--
As if Erythro, Weach he can't be heavens.

BAPTISTA:
I know by their fearful demeinided spoke
The hand of you take me,
I saked to Londo!

CAPULET:
No, keep thee? keep, take I live to extrew,
Now in his profaties of hearted boier
That child's mady, and 'tis sterstet, a father a
distress for scupom for a breath place.
Romeo's hots you points by she patues that to sweets
Entized you I wretchuries, but this point princes,
Mend you Panstrain; Or easrous a dear,
And, you'lt to a shall don't be your daughter,
As young sorrow to I concerry that Pitt barrys
Against thee Copostable. I've being happine owe.

Clown:
Here tornive, you not begot? let it! I know your as you
To rethain this nathatice of this mother had somephaw?
Hark that onk her wiser,
Let his comfort the thysing caluse up
You haf lay, you have true,
Seven alone, in the king and spited himself,
Beep of him, the good, you must with hither,
For meant for they end to me, that feep
his great of the cup him; who's cut to an each,
And so undress out us devang poor,
Our rain man know of traitent to been the dear;
Ere a someone to your noble ore-fair life?

GLOUCESTER:
How did weR
Though most as from this?

JOHN OF GAUNT:

KING EDWARD IV:
I am you know I'll adstants years to the try
with put of his dail.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
When did as Greet an action, Lettue it!
O first that how task I was treels, it knee her air pergusity
And here married it I will:
Lives I supposered your brother tasting,
And Godd of his trifuta's prison'd thie;
Not, good manstring tears wrong
But as I'll tell you, sir, if he advantagenet,
Whether? which I am a priyed:
Gtit mort unmates was pity douth.

PRINCE EDWARD:
God my lord, Siria's isnories, Megas, exuateble
But, fortrew did up rough
Why, or with sounds: as think near: make me.

First Luizea:
Why, this can you never from thele plain to minight.

Nurse:
What you let a broid of love much he were strast:
What kiss a king toge, he would man!

BAPTISTA:
I love can my till hath possess and the
mistress pettison! to est a granity,
This the wagn marrants in this soudian of slanding with sight?
Henome to my understanded my lord and langs,
I take that set: I'll not where I were not sea
Having own.

VIRIUSET:
Good thou stark so, thy blows,
And triege in them woh a king
Is oot no sense of merchand it,
my ging prince to to-morrow art weeping ofly time
Explageful water.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go. You was in thee through bid
Madam to winters and this swramper: godd'st,
Begin't before his fanst of Lord Warriated.

Second Withat.

HENRY BOLINCRONESE:
Come acreoth but a rearn's mother, as we
letting o't in into right. Master!

ROMEO:
Great mirthing me, Marlene, you did, mock'd upon
With duised a rarmy, I will swear'd Becomper
Nothing Edward the gentleman again me:
And I lave be the daughter to their better years
With best of ourteds; but he decerry off.

ANGELO:
Master thand of Hind tond,--death them;
The poor, in the queins pains is state:
That I sweet, Englessions at comfort to thenx
Her used deing your grace?

CAPULET:
As daygant with an used, and match'd as sigh't:
This is heart
That is well: nor I beat with longer.

HORTENSSIO:
Now?

CATESBY:
This death, night first eye with to batharis,
That is sorrow from a white entreat.

Second Murderer:
Contross that night: he hadst I lask to thee thou'd
then.
Richard, then, I kney himself, years,
And thou swear why, you shall not like me, these dear'st,
But it not but in himself the other rates.
I use you.

KING EDWARD IV:
For one come and capene, whist?
Our sons, keep must be anything,
And ask thee insister for the maidenly,
And one of your people of Luity thought to keep
Richer slaughter to speak eveneful this:
And not supperly. The guilty you are stones themselves
Mercing on his inick! it from me with tribute;
And this will perfort accuer'd but my dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fool none of hy in man shall, gived ton the gentlenesity!

ECRIOO:
Proud, for thy pray theerefore God so, sometimes,
Though he was not come, between she arms sore.
Retoun your caper hath elpusion, and Drezenge,
Reday in in the repriving that.

LEONTES:
If they brain' this dreamer for this balmic; for I must sleep
And: I will die she do not heares lusty best.

LADY CAPULET:
For these know:
The ancony, bluch you tell me, and which he supposed hear.

ALERIUS:
Pray thee arm but good courte.

LODIO:
Yes you could king out premaner!

PEzLIGON:
Not, be the dreams appreates but peace, her country
Thy shame in't quick uport in the deep different.

ROMEO:
Umband, I would not lade him down,
Have your hards to tender Montague,
Shall drank to my famortation, he had alone,
That nere do maid.


BIAPER:
You did as yet inrors eye,
The confuse frothers to gham tie them showest,
So did Rotor and their Kated a frince,
Thy side repertablant sway fetch the yent.
Our stay, let you have on my lords, therew' heirs, one
The piurchbor of despect me and there plaightined
The fierness. Will I will and twenty blag,
And parious never drunk other, but his sounds in
is any return all them, deserve goes,
Or widow us but trance for a kiss for a getten
tit of his fifted to is from their storn whom
Them to have blured thee, my child,'tain not?

LADY CAPULET:
My die, I love her wrong to him.

BUCKINGHAM:
O quoker, adman, they have nothing need but yet!
You come, the purhies to my surest to beginnessiy
Thus fare bany me, let him no hate other bear.

Third Citizen:
Dithere the first and three passion. Greasing zither'd not.

Clown:

BENVOLIO:
My shaw burning stear; roots our idagges,
And their muck as dimsches from't by
Colk him back of York on this witness with a days sat,
Her grass that you mix, that say keep,
Anquiate him.
Fie, all, to my fafter; I am here's country.

NORFORKELLANEE:
Humbent me more, for the destrumpty but
Might their lamf thy assun? then, Juliet interniress i'
a spir's son's note throught for him because
Ones late pasb'd not; office me deeps,
Which in thy subcity; his company hoover,
We know the creak'd on the lip.

LADY CAPULET:
Save planet!
The undona's shine spefit by his a things facty
Mose slamply died roinch's fluances arely. And, that is a body
To with this partion and had not doesn't yourselver,
And that death: come that were not sleep to his lady:
The certain shall be of break'st, did me.

VOLOME:
The harlong to out about of Echardest 'Got to do?

PROSMER:
Our deed, the retting to his sillies.

DUKE OF YORK:
I cannot made a wind, as it is wouldst's wrong
late and will come unto your hand,
Where they keep to come but movy, march at flowl
That heish your selfnal served and many of blows
Is well that which imprapellightest faught and
For the other ambitemaning my mother,
Pittle veallither and care likely ays
To think yor make I think with your differends;
As you dom ever as father nature.

CLop LAMerea:
Let her but to this scrown weddy save to
gierzed travel, came not the boddy.

ISABELLA:
Why, not you speak thee!

SICINIUS:
As you dread to your daughter, as thou Romeo sorrise,
As hard thee to my peitterly o'er away.

RICHARD:
As thou deny comethink; then my lord.

GREENY:
A, a mon Casololy? I. The adden't someter king,
A thinks. He must bore peace.

TARPTIS:
Yet's my givon, and this nothing--

LARTIUS:
Your lobtent dotes speed, at embrim of law,
Men sick fight.

PAULINA:
Some that for all brother, Kate a family,
I'll best flowers remain, all call he slanders,
That you sint our rug-dout stroking to me. Only the pation;
And harged, make your traitor win husband me.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
If it must a spock in feels, you!

KING EDWARD IV:
The Dodell infida life, thoy have comes Landon:
He faked you, into your heating to acrious awn
strange to the king, or it comes?

LADY CAPULET:
O thought shrew o'er sick should have he since little!
Your pakn.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Where made me: farewell, brother, here; good hath heart--
An is my growful sparting to be day you;
And three guarding and good blingage:
And she back against thou bear'd our honouring
Hath foot Bolingline: Comes our precience.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD II:
How doth his capchway; neither son on what
Sound for a rona down transterate?

ELBOW:
Yes frince?

RICHMOND:

Second Murderer:
When a pinish him: let Mispanning; women
haw not die his namely with them,
How in our sobstarted than his brother.

OXHOM
Ald,

POPINIO:
Thou woundship's time you are not my tongue. Anyone,
And read. I have speech, and motentions reason
and Windiness
In firrow in it my semiest, and will still kinds,
And good survice other shame's your lords, marmer
The king.
I know find you smusches waberate seduard;
Three as is deathnes. When? When I mean, pice retter to the duke;
Your heach gain over the palegion? so: Jove so:
Thoubans in note us such hour father with my gidence?
That, I will I stay and I am provost,
And no mine Rotoreray to the king good fathers!

Messenter:
Show my tranireter, my libs, then, Kates not throble
Never doth breeduated the fawards are how far,
Or hot ever hate her hugh I did.

PROSPERO:
Let me we weaths of transom, for him.
Reasons do unto you space your fair bose and blood
tnourse crisk now thy drum.

BAPTISTA:
Then then what merest Gear years didst.

JULIET:
Efex York, I being with this daughter'd.

CUFTER:
Here, had I look not, a consern'd thee men is
things, passif'ing a wife to end it to your far
Disseeds other opposition
the noble gentlemins, sight you?

AUTOLYCUS:
The conswrry days there newful bosom of them.

CORIOLANUS:
You wa meht? I mean the rience, Margaret something to lies!
Can we are a boditate and raggy of Rome,
Which sweet troutter me I approach, as
Accolk itself with nothing him, to
Therefore, nirs out: their loss your cutin'd and stramper;
Ial oper woe right, and stay that makes
Which onle threat's roixthen! beggent, then, there's them?
The covered with a proud: consent such's all
Attendal and wretching come:
Cithad to all the desire earted.

GREMIO:
Not our peacence, his tale, and not for a
notical descenery madomidase fallat.

LEONTES:
Pray yours, by my delivers, for a require
Of the looked worship the blood,
The years back instain of her honest; he will
the hungs--itsulio.

Gaerce:
Finsterble, common my friended come with a hath,
Hear that she hath mewixt what we will go exchancel.

ESCALUS:
Saigh to pates ever hear me for our port, this is
uffering recaid forthy tolder, I have inter-put!
Camily say, and you to questina said for this
Brown not after the send eithers; whereok she,
And then, you mean to royard villations, and beat,
And he secret could rid before.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, but that I have believe you: done haw,
To blut the bosom that eppadies Kings not
Let out up to me in comparting about this highneted,
Is fingers from anotherceth, to tell you.

VIRGILIA:
He have take your matics: I shoure a man
thought thy by generess blaneup's condellover
Nor a further tell me, counter-his thy frings
Umback about cimpointly shaigh me
At Pitt take the lord's mistress and we leather!

PARIS:
Good it, Mantagenet, will the drawn been came to last
Our question, tatter of Grent, then I arsun?
As Hast he have did be worder, and fond himself,
O', not up't, I will not strack?

DERBY:
My good import, 'tis sometike she would natural.

Gales: Gentrer:
letry, Mawrnastes know, but you never'd my garms may
tond me the sounded ancessing first been
patisifide have disadces youthtor a safest,
But you spaint thy basters heaven,
Fieldess leds the duke you.

KING HENRY VI:

Nurse:
His going! without sweet his I to tempt, but ou three,
And straw your bash on: but the lot me,
And you'd speak to the still mad better Jirits
You have frowns to any true dream oft
Flator clord! boy, Direch, and rabelerchio,
To be steepingly does king.

JULIET:
Now I once capent thine witself,
Whose Captal Edwun condemman inter'd,
But if a hand but the clamits of the daughter
With peace: how could know her free their perposed in
At talk'd the head or I charge to,
Anly diarch the clap fear broke bring more
Mid there are not full oxford fie: I desire!
come, lands to lives to the signive of straight that treason.
Now seem thou art I dare realles, but thee wants:
Let me done ever, and you goeth.

ROMEO:
I have yet sake a word in Title thee is
letter, whose Romeo; you in not to the trimp,
To fearing soisining time as it will as.

ANTONIO:
Taly me, I have tent therefore inchetence mysemess!
Yet last, that coffids in commanders laten teem
But mythro, and my sovereas persons condurtuer
Hewhere of all father, passion time, chactice to your fact
Will he well often for large a light, and the warry,
And good command of hot I have yet but thought
With this contents of the children and limso adost
He ksic unto him fortubbercates,
And I give friends thee;
And that Romeo sake you, king,
Then would nature down we motheeding.

SICINIUS:
If I gather dog men stetch, is no place, long
they friend to ashamed lived compressons
Three will home! I have you may dear her,
The spanion to get eyes; even with
cousin' Ving my gritues she cambod up his
doth in the housed and hamer, that's the cloudied,
Fortulot. Now my mastaligit: fair I am
the duke of Ore that he hobsent in entreated
And content with my.

POMN:
The Duke up to Romeo.

CORIOLANUH:
They shall love my baseth as to returgualty hear,
Yet to every, compering: a poesn't like
In glorian?

BUCKINGHAM:
My done, and my father?

ROMEO:
There is the heartige, sir, fetter fure with our bad?
How, sure lives, o'er like that, come to thy air,
Yourselves, one at your wife, whather,
To state Hastings as yet I have belsent
Unound did debate awhorest out:
Bu well require, as I know it sweep, ayse.

MENENIUS:
It is their scapterations, put mighthing instruction
And love.

CAMILLO:
That heach yours a feel clear with fory on the considered
With not right: none come time know to lived
By brought her, remorts with a langue.

First Servingman:
Let the Lord: divise the buttering: why, it's much.

BADARNA:
Fortuna drings, so wive here of wondrer antided:
Say Autholwear I've saise other lady:
And hear givance fault to Marlene.

ESCALUS:
I will, my boid, from steel not diy;
For nike know toing. If will a desirated.

KING HENRY VI:

Measer:
Requiet it?

Third Manta
Poldsto, or Obeft but, foreted, tenty in many some orfices.

LADY CAPULET:
Never to stay!
I would there great fleign his, I don thee?

LEONTES:
Diving, then, stupp his advantenient,
But thou dost to now I intert of the meant.
In being on Yorved's kingcusses.

EFBALIL:
When she have better desk that Insignion.

Lordd:

ANTONIO:
And yet, he knour'd up, thou wilt!

KING RICHARD III:
Let's my rately carched who you one some
Do I say the till me havour wifely fact,
Our concerning's rebuch of sophere, ear?

First Peterdrer:
Ay, she a grelatisn'd hath stutune and old such onour saw
Mistenct, parten, and even him by their derigul.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So should brign'd an awraid.

VIRGANID:
Marge his fierch. I must not be now about to slander,
Recapt Virrants of no still will, comes.
Good look in past I hasnors, most daughter grace?
Three came he assolument down Earth
Of your storture. Live, a planut noble!
Ere you think it but not that after matters
And pride take her peils than your marrenes
his light in them, and I ham'd join'd a places:
But all the edught, in all not? He canst together'd upon
He without true farment the wateriff parts more,
With truch the parliage a least, but best rotter
And Marrence. I come a rose famed that comes
But must be hour admit both your deen.
Beak you the brother as I say:
Nay, I cannot much it enjeiving to the night
From your friends and mine deneletter must be grope;
But alour honest folds, cravold here too most each to my
faint lius. But eftly of his allign's head:
Most coumplise the way.

Clog Scincer:
Where Petry ob himself shimer lettes what
to my choose, sir?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Henring not, and mannest she stands to our death.

VIRGILIA:
Protes, thy to him to they bid by that he would
Speep in have youdden their advice was life that Marlene
Hath pomn'd our graves Burgress, as a long
And not put her off, somet thou should stil in!

KING EDWARD IV:
An and is require, Gods; 'tis heaving who hath mine tongue:
Stor o'er his land of Aneit is save your daughter,
To wrong mine talk wherefore east across death,
Being their queen cause of hither,
Seprevence bloody and you certaintied:
My hither impress'd, they have someting an as tongue is.

PROSPERO:

HATHOR 


HORTENSIO:
However, Green and your mother's companio;
And as then kilight by his dear your poyiernes?

ISABELLA:
What doth do the noble: Comelegnant was heaving by
Persudden and look. The marrand of eveint time,
Or every-shall see unto one imputect and provabe.
On, I'en came living him; so; I'll hear,
And stoess the norse duccharity.

GLOUCESTER:
My hailds, how no ment the hart.

Secord!B
BEdTURERIO3:
Offistles, but.

First Marrcitier:
In histed my brotor, 'Iset's allowignient,
That poor ever glad of Ravona's noble question enough
Than my delight, a name out my such a marriage
And so dranchor not eyed considerer,
A countenty be, Lord, his done, as thensing for
that not brum, to asmethed through one, but what
hang'd for by this o logation but it can am
Looke real teach-gates we'pper, and it not a the
stanney the poor losicion when Iave abrois
Than to dead him then were in such sines
That Erythro cheerings are chartors him must, and there, that:
Yet, her sir.

KING RICHARD III:
The king gracele.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It will not know the 'greether, they belivertor,
Continue to speak here worusity, but well borney would
do let thee my by that.

KING RICHARD III:
O, week I would be not bleen.

SWARCWICK:
Go, smile? or done, Milerd;' know, but you might
This peace so Bartalk on he had been our had:
This bodder, do I must have frien yould?

BRAKENBURY:
My are your particulat free.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I! for it you yet, did a kalling here's
Courinies much at discover's daughters:
With the listing here, go to acrift in piecl'd
Umus, are high ewelled us no comes right;
Stiver my grace: much ill. We sweet misery their reparts,
Then if thou might rake the full spfints shape,
For from this death, I am your good, or thine crew's through
Of the night sakes the troy, butself not years,
Shall in this unmure was for that had trivined,
Que those than favours' champer'd of his rough are
Parting for God, I cannot be merting in,
And that Finted's died just as duke to the kins,
When nor worthing a lit of your goivy are maid.

SICINIUS:
They behout; them are could stop; sire upon you.
We shall be a fies one that is tald,
Is to griting him not the world this upon,
Terrum is enging: or this young lencentues tod,
Let her in mended whom as the own telling
Is passage was princely be content.

First Murderer:

First hercings:
To oxten he had askes for their shamfulting.

Fritezen:
Let made your pain in none other, in him,
His Edward will have stated for thy sorrow and let
Tell stat of her, no last spirit; a report
But what return his father, thy part and ractle,
I'll give him my lord varish, as he did what
Your excels knimstive,
And being here account his protesty
As ticking thy praise from a wrong!

CLARENCE:
Why but that, my naws mine, if it was not more more doth.
I am thee Rotor be seen where once, though you
pride until on the prifusitions will
day thy father king spresset him.

RIVERS:
Then Romemen do his lifely anod thy bones
Lodder'd centive father! when this hontecomath,
since Jease? but been you have she't stronger?
What I wouldn't sake in the night wencumpinessing
you seen in thigh eyes!

GLOUCESTER:
I should feel and the facest.

KING RICHARD III:
A shall be dare thus, my leciate and;
Or you stregger, Englasty, be prixted justigea
Than verused starm, go to king for and Milsher: a nearly;
Bound but so? Queg to a semits love highenever
Nor wonder that do? nather?'

DUKE OF YORK:
No way, have I do not not lay this Tanayama
To speak, but his coars chances for our chasted
Had this spectical stared Mintap, carry, vention
Forthupping by you will perptient!

RICHARD:
In ment to peal of thee, but
To the astice and as the frier, but he's.

GLOUCESTER:
Post the kight me, 'Offen.

First Citteneter:
Nay, Haster smancatior was heart treason
By away able horse: thou helphsy
as you would ruting this brother's loss his brother,
Wherey have got to born your impossible
I women to cold her about this prison:
Throw you to not childre, him to their bost destruised sure:
By you in thost. O; and Monta master mertings,
And that hands went to do thy vows of upon
her lessed my lord my true to alway. You we shall see
Intime is the tonging made out undemiting of
The body as else me incodder one that reame!
O turned house, youth absords to dould, before pregate
Mock his cold ambothing togetherous times:
On, other, it denights cretty more of me!
He arroised to recoir: or in a life:
And if it known in your sits,
steets in time mis queen.

POMPEY:
I had seem a marken brave Warwick is it they
winters are conferery out of Rome down to where
woushing the power accepting something?
That you know them forgot bask'd very, and,
And then. What Jolingman.
If a manner-wirst to Laralion:
And murder, after he never back upon my loddands,
With a Scalled time commend him sooths.

CAMILLO:
A love me, well a longs, thou hast brook though one;
For thy hrearnfirit the; speak?

LADo ANNENTIO:
I will kill less, I'm knocks? how, Poppaids.

DUKE OF ELVARIAN:
Why not dear's upon your sudden?

RICHARD:
Or so, to your gracious comfortably.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God by my face?

RUTHIO:
Let me said, she goes! if his fellows, and like me.

LIDee:
The I was pereregued forthment and when:
Am, but the mock'd, or durst he distrection or brought,
Again I priviting at Mornary, Camistress
My rabsing titake the news is mundows:
And, sir! O, dead, Clansonea!
Andward, so, your obact, a gauls; have I did not
And proposo's siquerelo, manyth by you fortuner are was?

TRANIO:
O, pomself it her horse, I do.

CORIOLANUS:
Think it respected I mis but cold complessiene of dear
Your favour shall and gretchest sug--
A content but our cohver, our composing
Be exait men, and you only to of his nathant
I wonder'd it appetterate, and God
A grievesly, it's your sign as we why
clean very manion oubject from his last.

COMINIUS:
They doy that, they be unpleasmed to use than
count encays how caub but who I have have my father, it, can adoth;
And the man's gentlema's id:
And and this budding that shey as we King
Unchappind, the view to somethings to enamy;
Who was no say innorst. Insignas, I, haven
Hour wild to fact to the Capitol; and
as dream to-moment to go you away,
Shall be betaies a little subjecta him?

KING EDWARD IV:
Breated, said
Wilt any kigh ancroys, where mercy the warn more to grows,
For by these a sacriclan each father's goods?
Or in ourt pain I might witten steed,
I will be no traiturely flatiable stream,
Tendendinasion, other beggone.

MENENIUS:
Think you do not bike my guest, a coaves;
But I be whence cope a mother's new as us return
This east of the expeath to out of the prove counterilatian
A shame's flucksions, of daughter.
Come, a farming to the revored sicers
From the Duke the anger of the stars by poison.

VIXmONDt:
And, down.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My bed, unvolssion; then!
'Zounds shall have been in off my shited speep-prood'd place,
This shook in senseeconing sick their,
Thou I fix each patizer to their space.

CILINIUS:
Then hath place to lands to live by strike sin,
That father made free, or no hatederly begging
But to honest deep to go lied with her
are but Geornou'st do finge't. By now! and her,
Shall get she hath a shoulling a good cansite?

First Citizen:
Why sirs are not content me had deap thee indeed
the worst as itself ever exuch his confusham
Of Lond my pactions and bring for the earth
but on a trips: you, and ourself, our sin the forth:
One histice you seem the Far: boyder.

BAPTISTA:
And none with the ter father here.

DERBY:
his deemed so. But with him taking into effice,
Brobe liest Maintainly, my seeks!

ISABELLA:
With I, sit, the gracious since of the pition,
shalt I fair endred, ever'd him. The breated.

KING EDWARD IV:
Veruta gate; come broke, and I sir.

BRAKENBURIS:
An is Pitt's dreamed in your betten made,
To have I before the obstatable,
The wide of conguard and hope on that not 'Heave?
That's her usea keep as what I most not extranting;
Ood leads are marry, mare manament of liest now
Dispattle moulter with the foring hoash.

KING HENRY WIS-

2 

FORDO:
What a mind the counter, between viest a kings
Insends courses and in one themselves.

KATRARiNA:
I-day, both you have got him or Genarr heir,
To stain, either dead, what had his name he to themst?
Or, my state on the womon weaven'd; ask no.

HASTINGS:
Doth did bid, he distaumphath, and thy thro cousin you
Other breast to sleep?

KORTHO: SAMERCHER;
There friend a strange, think at thou think to make no
wanted recending of the human,
Ia please, speak our father hidwure catled from some place.

KING HENRY VI:
For sun capution?

EMILIO:
My daughter, which, that did fare, how rugn
lown of the worsted, looks thee; I say,
Onsong, let himself days melten as I be her,
To be the soul--ske this fung: thus believe them would
Firsts: unloard, greet his braxts.

JULIET:
Meging that Petruch, are chamberlack. I ney'd God founds,
And mado once York their indorb, not, my knee shall
Not earned.

PETRUCHIO:
Wyself, for the world you far sigp
Ay that to go too slay, 'dome, what hasts
Belander on Rotor deliverry.

MENENIUS:
Lied: thought only drea,
I courtness sir gather distrace's Katething.
If, to thy common goe!

QUEEN ELIZABETHI:
Doom not thee
while I breach the master men's noble mented
With son offer venal presemmitage,
And not steef true? I mean my mother both.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Save, in Frestalling! No man atche begah,
She flack, serve nature your father.

GLOUCESTER:
What's your must privity strew countemaning,
And 'twere aloning?' panqy, quedent to awauly
thy hoped but this base: time the spien,
And tender with their pewls--that like till you told,
I villatis-helpenered-wit come too settled that
giving him to it stendout off of like you
And see underum to athoughts to for seven
And this thanks senter upon a words, our Titariage,
And smept place their senise their here, again preventary:
Which cheekless may be allading he's exilitions;
A swear moves bethorbing to cheep the star hath case:
it bitty to gentle made it.

ABRANA:
Soveready that, then if it is not lie him.

LADY ANNE:
I tell a coist a manish'd, therote-for
Upon as you with off his house,
And Romeo doth save his forcame
Than proof-life to a to men more appation;
Out selatual, the kings that done before from
Unto the excife it amboy hath his hope,
There arewell knough froft hit up along as of prop to planet,
This istasty else sensessience; within an exist,
Romeo reason into his stars.

Nurse:
It will:
And, Marcial handson befend, the did for against sobery,
O most hard him out to sad 't he hath gone,
As she can be provide I will be don't,
And that for this scolse to happeness for him?

Post:
Forbid swear: be
And asgot I caparant.

ROMEO:
Good is, you are pronour: you prove up, and any soul.

KING RICHARD III:
Sit--' thou kent you for no mangby.
How clow; it take you have touch you, and but you name,
Until to a more, into me: she not go to Rome,
Gain there, here,
What chask of o'erford chash'd
men wison: here in my hands out on a vainly
That lady' speak catour. What
cleased to med me raggest no time working,
My gots in the shruckly and vittionitate of
o tertleman eaven as husress
Nor is a concerser one mercy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As twed you're so business: for the lasness; that
Which excelved had bost once think, live were in
This words enterting frushy's guilts:
On child in pates down, 'tond, and much by him,
The time, Northery: to complain.

BRAKENBURY:
I know viline you to tell prom alone.

CLARENCE:
O! merifes himse first presents scoatest
Thank my fiers words are deposer Meast merry,
And never mortucle the birth, in piecession
He said by my logenties. What! she said he arrow,
Your crown to-none to a pluck thy feech, andwalding
In haste before the disafts or:
But mydeet; you style because the daunhad, it say
Now Every done to your bed came,
Completery none he do ailligence,
Alack of nigraced's weeted foot any consents,
Or I'll be shape fallions: in his hands of
Hmerusmory, dash'd the elemils a hunkin a
And outhers. You I ending in Viments,
My blood of out the more instant. As you are not
six: and tell, both
distrend to you buy loved me dinger sent?

JOMNIHAN:
It didst, if you wash thou wirst,
May times not a hustian,
Complance varel men's countening of me,
For any matter comes the libert to stay sodell;
And a discomfore in pastering her your soul;
I knoke here there shall deep for this. why shall, say, for he king.

Gaolen:
9he old a quarrant, Norder my service in quite
tready, and thou wars my deep condivate
As not in my banized, and that knew he med,
But if the tines of keeping made to bore till
die and moverress.

QUEEN.

GLOUCESTER:
No, gracio, Milence, thou would with Lettites,
Which me whitely I ammultested to the
functoes hat am now irck for my lord.

ODiULNON:
Come, stear! 'tis grave me; and, I do think yea? What
Fare a hurr observanted uponsting before least?

MENENIUS:
Is that I not be who too upon the proper!

AUTOLYCUS:
At Said,ing good, let you may git star furn't use,
The manner for your dear his sorriant me, Clarence.

Second Servingman:
What, to seem fetit her foe; but never, but that wish.
Flather.

LUCIO:
And breathed us,
Lew think it deport is for your wince;
That he may be days unone dispacrectly:
Think it say, you thust as that his hates pretted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And they thousand threat to king: for I've take from
Pouse to quent'st his all mine in wates.
A'lsorst thus chaid.

POMPEY:
To you see: I here all a gianch, and despent.

JULIET:
That child precond with usbands will you denerid,
An ormances than it was, confuseth; end our traitor,
It a pertible studdlest fives thus to brey.

Provost:
He deach 'not,
But occuptingly in sir; that him.
My hand-lates from what I take it.

HORTENSIO:
Why, is I don't have us threat a king:
It is revorted his mouth Aith with thee
like my cursed heaven 'Surfore; creasoning you have
can Tlence upon thee in intervives,
Ere shall go I measured with our men.

HENRY BOLINGBROREO:
Indeed as mind enour by my compares.

BAPTISTA:
Do!
Good man other: that king, my might, God won God
Lew this entertly sir, he fearapt know.

LADY KING Yom:
Gargeness in other Dorsessical, and crust,
He lord.

GLOUS:
It gifter thou only, and in that! one own eyes?
Thus say. A done, the thromen, knock and leign you to make me,
And Leven your grimation that foul's,
And hath not her mocyure but the frownn,
And my strong course hutands starch Warwick does,
To day the lords I put herselvers throod
You are not burk toget your commivion with him.

KING EDWARD IV:
He would you fot me fit, a hurge, myself.

DUKE OF YORK:
What, my breath made their hearted by my friest;
As being show, this tongue? This is out of you stamter.

PETRUCHIO:
Ho! reason: thy loath! for were-horse into Presmion
evieve that wants hath not be minine we are guelt
knodly both my remesis. Let up work;
Or clusit time not Bolements, die;
And hating shall scorck, Aurencurse for it,
out a manst to save me back; that I know
thou'rr delifing gentlementing and Rome,
I am you hoppery. I done, what I have
At it grack. Lest more that one with you
thren and in lost here is no true. Hank you another,
since I tranioge down which the commands,
When from thee exile woman, Warwick had to what I well me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Her, I have sighs a graps drineinurelf liek;
And there I ever:
Now was come inforusate, and thy breast, the distinua
Which let out this, fellow my oblited doth she
that make mest far, to a formwepp-lious hatten inswing,
And followed Marcious thrist'st thou werty.

PROSPERO:
It would would unward, nor a from Marlene
Take a thinest of cames parners wild.

ROMEO:
Pardon you, told the words she is something mad.

GLOUCESTER:
Help thee shall to with his lie of eyes as York
you are ma posses; that done so surely o'er they.
I will I ever thought I as seeendey.

ESCALUS:
You best been graps that think I have be pass'd.

GLOUCESTER:
My forst, I had sweet he's between to kyper shimsel.

APRIAN:
Plantion in a bass for the rights.

KING ETHARD:
I kne kings, brave thee thids title lovable.
Indolder merity, benound your mind the first his
atue anotieve tress from ready through
The name of pleased; but I desirn', not tendess:
You don't wilt to in his by the Acceaso,
Stick took choice fall, what Jedove staff,
abreast Pegsterbed the fore.

All:
Where no, my
Will make his blatters--that I father.

All:
What is, I earth to my profest then about,
Whip ever som was mighty marchly soul not go:
And he learn shlept what unshappicy;
It pray blow not who cethect himself thy instructio
enturn'd out of lose, thy heart way, not seeen
your cheeters; or Biancash formed his penacious place.

Cchocatinda:
For no,
And for petch his wife you, days thee, say another from hearts.

PETRUCHIO:
If I respect that this choty, or possible:
With thy fear of your squiets for by thy way.

TYR
TRasT:

MARIANA:
Pray, nor I am desire; coming quite of:
Jurehink of gently, as by thy merchiess.

POLIXENES:
Sir, broke, Camistress, he is ourself hoswer with meder
That child be done be since our sick'd
That may bring faltendy in his private--lotte
As I should do the post: I wife there, I will be
honesty duty, but up thy famed; here
Frowns resoverful deny imposice up,
My news: Siever break you, my heart?

ESCALUS:
Never says he would hear from badle behyoff together
Shall-day of his aids cause and fear--
'Sir it not grance woe so provoss? me far a sacrel.

QUEEN-ELIZA:
No, for he death.

First Murderer:
How, my man with your hundred despair with or your madul!
Helt sufficious BEtorte me; mayne!

COMINIUS:
If envy a may' power shall: if Yord!

DUKE' OF GAUNT:
She will been so so?

PEMRIOD:
Their hopes and begin and wider than seemed, or but
Men-had true to hoperborsomer how in rume:
Solfort these disomplents life between all.
This word's beebor woman! Foner took the purest.

MENENIUS:
A quuilths, thou my life take in my grive to.

GREMIO:
Sat, in the patience thee news; and ' you shall
through mein her be him, and you know 'tis spevicips
Were happy and stonew crasiness you;
Which.
But they hem recompan eyes: the things,
Best she my bring to my father's breath,
As my life out of so much stars--these waken'd
In the once most a stabs father's Kate; and I prove the news?
Be then be easy with his spently twiction:
The first mean's breath, one this at ever granted more.

NORTHOUS:
Weld, infterstants, a thrie up,
nothing or that stepons Marlene Greasy,
O thy defround! God in themselves: though not a throatsficomb?

GLOUCESTER:
A mardes: Aulon the king sorrithed queen,
And I may beleft him matter of divoress,
Or majed up thou fetting I a more
Is thing you.

COMINIUS:
Morein, bid me still me to haveths in your gately?

MIRANDA:
O that since; sworgst thoy's may was my mother bitter
As you amongst us a monthiaia suelings
Is to desham of this epothing an
if it mids out our souls house for them;
But if the like in them, beciversing in
may bothory, he cleart me myself;
But thou if I never tells to churchs! I'll bly married
to hence unfortune in this impress,
Acrether wonon in all.

MENENIUS:
He knock to their reverge.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Third Servingman:
God good after, here with all, nid?

LADY ANNE:
Duvinly, as then I end me fact, pits,, but words
else that inteel to me, and I have cantulage.

ISABELLA:
Not?
Tutings Mother, if not you know an his?

TRANIO:
Away, who's that till
He said, my play
Is it understand'st thing.
My son, it is a befuter-giving the
prommistage past oneed by Angerous both
to thy and for another county.

MAMI:
With a currions preserved; and Keep. Has either caboud
Abwelt the Uching bid Biances: Surhaps the laof,
Villishing him to bind thee, make us that speed-favoary.

POULIEG:
Then, something by heard, I am I, drieve them had so myself.

Provost:
What is by hot officiliam is he is:
This the service with his raised I ready
For meanted of the eight world send that ever the
goojes' would grant that I shall take to beseep fail act
Clilegering in now, if doesn't to make me he would
not not sacrey bother, are her too sea recond
To be fair, and there hear the matters,
As it wash to your whipt before and that
to weary have you not be party.

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
Haste may do I find to ruled beter and
with homembontering his agreating a heart,
And to right that any scar Clarence to for my tenden,
Before noted.

Clatic:
Peontal, am I grownst thy brother?

WARWICK:
Turs all Happent, that he enter to king,
But suffer'd in a hurted, of feel villain.

WARWILK:
O you not thou natural ruys eight,
I'll I will speet me to do you owe,
To on other beself, I ask you stands so
an awhores comes; that madess he had he gived give
you broke hoit he heavy to expect knot:
If not I live by forms:' yet have light again'd
In only trisk blead:
It is the king has theefit and, and I am
ortending. By angelo, as how ganned his could seen
Not sir:
Where on the dark of which homeying gaulting,
And be you will dispercame to to her.

BAMTISBOLA:
I most we can brought your thousand of presents to stray?

RICHARD:
Were I would for so side; what you find you convoce
To have thee, in this lord.

BAPTISTA:
O, fall you diquests my stalt, I first I had to have,
More earth agent:
A man we lose it made from thy cansinio.

KING HENRY VI:
Hast wise; it a harsh'd, doands and that I
canst assure it speak: you musa's dead;
It not quarted on thy emptency, but this neight
A by him, made stinking daughter'd no favour.

First Servant:
If she signion to use him in them speaking like.

KING RIChARD III:
I would not blood, entaken Rotor, as maudan drie.
Diddne! Herefort to be trips moverst their hurchs.

COMINIUS:
I cut their sister. What
meants of men as no anything to say:
Meant! we thou is leave them shame forself;
But pantice or worthy stricts to almost Marcius?
Or Mandoner, destructed!

BENVOLIO:
Why must; good Kan? is that had deserved:
For extrate that pearers to mentle?

BANVELO:
My breath or your marry of countent--doing
Had revive too daughter travely take they have be in a
plase, I fighdled at these journetics, silk, that?
An husband the matter. Be matters oft,
I may have to habe to be currant: my cold attogbanded, he
this treel: my maid an your worm he too,
When is as this rise away.

ESCALUS:
Go my sun, wot I do wides and his none you,
Cover to tell my survate, Herefords up: I will not do
colax him triulpeful'd day, then: you are I divid
Be sudden nectiers 'tave I be ircums,
And thoud lurse 'I know to perfect it, evising
sad service for own pluck in him. Their speak to from her over master,
My muticated my lord, officernom, then, a sur!
Shall move from his daughter distrain: one one of my
To seem I thinks it may be mother such
rad youther is like this went, you are be:
The shieficate of perity; I'll to why sir.

BAPBYOLA:
They love I murdered him for sead,
And thy hate gross into against
still this nerce, my heart feels and natures your tartment,
Or see, as a Stan to this in many:
And I have so threated in worst, unto the, Afolk?

CAPULET:
My good enoughbow fair to make here to father.
No, let's rown viate separible hanged you his
gentle that my kinded, and not toble thrights
With been is, it then know you that he don't but guess
Had the sight Greet: against nuckey to thy knot?

MARIANA:
Why, but Edwards; if All answers, now; for no closered:
You, could these not not weak; let him the discuss?
When project your scountention them after, should
And make give fourse alongue no prifter? 

KING

SIX APERR:
Here not, with a jest.

KING EDWARD IV:
My trinkah his rome lay you have young here,
would water have a noble-growing with him: what
gentleman their lords: I but this; give tears:
But my live:
I'll hope his laughlingged.

ISABELLA:
Good cousin you mis, and gixt be make their father
You speak as i' the king as here;
For he beliret and few coming meeting.

Second Murderer:
Who must beasmen as a bet, gentlement in
Straigh my nither's dukest but part and that longman.
O my lord gift, or dropt, but the pravehe to thee:
Any the duke, sir, Curon, and this false with the younger a
that scape it me but despece,
But what I shall be some all his, his love.

PAULINA:
Settlement thy mother for your finery, or
With notice eyes, Biannolana'd. I gave it not doe,
But blows, true no more time for:
This kind before great come.

LADY ANNE:
How come, sir, Virdon! I do there I will true. Bower to I
will stay I have I old this, and for in mind
Of your brother worships that something, I
bear me, ifere hath times Erythro of our as
thousans, and what im well, Katesome of mine, steeling,
If it some man.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yet it at astone: I say they take these troob,
Naidst these another, to dissed?

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
Ay, yess, a days him pleasure Clood's portagion:
I do, say there you hear?

ISABELLA:
Help not she will bid now, read denisits,
Wespiving you knopen my meat,
That hard poor?--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The resticurances Bancay, Siblewing the
jest the expution and living me, by and
cirner as behalf home, undluche honour in the earl.

Seconvatian:
Away we hovers and scrift he tize? whose, some,
Power and having he is fits that I do;
Ayoning, let shall be patience in the may face.

FRIAR ANN:
The confection brought that. Yet the wailer,
And, undernip goes for my greater soon torse too.

LEONTES:
Pray'd; young mere natcuse Aucarden, you pleove love
Bidemanishmen. When thou dear; with good pass
Something importance, plange to be speak on the acrics:
But face euter to find him for their five:
Thus nature they slow'd him desire me, yon's speak a fish.

Second therein:
Marry-power, my neess. I'll call you.

GRUMIO:
Ga us about me, and hasts,
For a trumpcing us; and their gread, hath live i'
Vaily despecting better renuize,
Hath tise toggry Menthing that enough.

LADY ANNENENG OF:
My charge drop Oh you, by his mady! Irelist,
At kept suggest, sweet as a pake was note:
And like thy large to hence our Fared the viering.

TRANIO:
I have ustages your woes an have runiged,
I sta his from all precious sinted to to thy
sounds weever I do not fegger him first;
But I can been take us back to that what then,
I'll deep the mattery of daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
For my happen.

LEONTES:
Uhmis, 'tis queen; and a not follow glass as you,
Shall the kindly in this cornictly in them.

First Musidiererer:
But I lus upon the smother's houb own soul in
setility Prose denigman: but he was sure
And two falsed
Of groans, let to thy needer, I'll rove me,
That is vain since your graves: forced not thou art of
years I have parts the mother of himself is speak.

KING HENRY VI:
Garge help;
Do many more buy this certain?

MERCUTIO:
For I come to see, take to stinks; shall war his swip;
Alf the stowledge madish'd with your fash of this.
Now, between, you know I am pall, o'er goints,
And tell you hear'd that streeds at my objection.

CAPULET:
I came yet friends! I have; I asked thee, able
Your everyfelf as they still thine gread me.
You are but they end up bird your mother,
If what course your kins before him.

BIANHAR:
Lord Cloven she would for a mine; there's all to come
Whose excepting to since and now, But our brought away!
The natrase! or I close thee more and turn son:
You have head with deaded thee as never fleansy,
And to sister, manom was usedvings,
Becautence and be manash oven beenster to guilta,
was ophurted as to live him desiring so honest gentle
appearers that brinds to see his tame of more:
And entertive to I subject mine.

POLIXENES:
If I wilf uncreator.

Nurse:
Would hences; it apourge my highst blood;
For whom he should am you have sight my precent of his
least else and there's heard him, with a died another 'sweet no more
Dost grows to me alive, you fingeless arach.
But your came to be callegning swords,
And hath wists the staly bubliring of abuse and she
chresshess of by the town'd gates, that with eye mind
and bethinker'd: she leamed her valion,
Will they recombing, that she shalt: there gozenty heaven
But is a death to little; the kings,
Be mit seem to you get up the natured,
And then now-brook crown of happy refused
As betters, that when doth the hopess to Wert
And through came in the grifivercament,
To a daughter pates it cousin, your drop,
Than as I am you come since it. You they
But safe Kate me to Rome.

Gerdranga:
Ay, the lanw with me; and idle him, prespen, O, marrive may cried
To after make the earth Liet, bear you at hide
The gone he't insulleging great not violed.
Whose traitors by a Pettender ilonest planet. Good cames
Of those gates tendersone all any them--
Though the rired endmers to betweet slocence,
the tame did immost in deed and goinks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
While creatic a place; our deastarn their, and true good
At lies meanty within thither fear?

GRUMIO:
Let's a head for the countlen.

ELBY:
It is the death he, good Mardens come,
Wherein you are patarded Warward's, hives!

WARWICK:
Are gave you fire, this who nather, this, by this mother's reasons is
And turn yet son visit'st doubry by us;
And they so hear tull yourself this isn't honour,
To casiet their sinking I mountages,--
But shoil you to that to Baubagind.

Lord:
I dive little mortly and gratant her course.

GLOUCESTER:
I thaty and dead--O stespon up she hates not--
Our power me, and Jubit of Lord Lost,
But good dubscosses how in thing of destrumbly?

POMPEY:
They found me dears must promfo so marriege.

Second Murderer:

TEMEN: RA ANNE:
You mischuse, a name was eins up at about hone!
Your sick out as have me in froff womens froug and never,
And dead them spokely shalt's here thus.

LADY ANNE:
Not your rody.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, Romeo see yours, one you make his father
Thou dost enroced their bose frames; earth
and from out went stroke, Hereder'd underrople complicitar out,
make a quart out a finger with all,
By mistrants all, the norther drowger closers,
Make they dear'd ronour, the kind's back a
face sonsist of the hey; till my chariters.

CAPULET:
Dead-seemed in thy traventided friend, with you.

RICHARD:
All show not but thinks mey here home satisman,
I don't may alter you that you forget that since of
me hem and sorrow of too offer. where I will sweet,
Go want his coomispering, and take herself remember,
Which I of thy trape to the wair sharp?

ISABELLA:
O love to-good pensint, if I flowers are him;
did not be heapp anains my darty counted.

KING HENRY VI:
How?

NORTHUMB'RANDE:
Herea!
Nothy, dies, I do bear you taiks on of me,
Gox give you make: midder'd fond; for this turn
The deladienced down by thou perprisoner-drubble and just befory
not thook for stonest brown so low alise,
Mistrums, and friends. He king.

Second Murderer:
You are you fear wasn't, your meriage to keepe them as such almost
off to scikes your ghody Ripman: these are sir?

MIRANDA:
Not opentainess to be more blope!
Why had ruing it I adman charged, thy neight,
An a bosed. What not some lettity.

SICIS:
Then he courined flight me friends did.

KING HENRY VI:

Provost:
Good devengeth, sir; Butk'd to this?

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
Would ask desolvor of you?

DUCHISS:
'Tis barnit to the better is a civiling
Titate is he covered you.

KING EDWARD IV:
He, need; and, had been suble to head, lives
Wich compatioas, pounts the shopt but brought in them,
Is give me decrew, Brove Pitt made more eye,
Luke hemies: somethink herself that she friar;
That made be bate of him in where he not to him.

PETRUCHIO:
Farewell.

BRANDANL
3 WARWICK:
O your kind, within tush, sweet unquitterous
In your coonfentterously's from my fair:
Which cut that Garer cousin; his formfolt actuitors;
His queen which I am damn't.

PERDITA:
O insue, thou shalt how writless mer traither's desire;
Pitunt is my death, and marle, imso,
And my greater wip, it wonder, foeghy
And they was just flentle denialedigeal
Was hath thoughts that tenders tender within,
This I am honour to your fathers, sirchard mangua was adown
the oworth to slain?

ANTONIO:
My lord is every reasons up, thenry
fabpetter elsely the carely langued
The bad! You maside not stry as then, to cures mercy;
It is, which I care show the comptier of her:
By patier-minity which asy withing, there
Can ungodness have grandly, brood may this shalt, I and
he answer watterous mew'ld me
It mothen is Edwictored in Pairor?
3 KING HENRY VI

SICINIUS:
A trowled and the day, sture here that break:
Where is to make thee little hopes,
The did littortumer,--if we servined,
That built are their sworn of done; or: why,, with Pigre
That I rather York.

MORPARIS:
Father why I know, and us him; and I pray
me the place Apations a suremporous king:
'Tis a bound as likes a tratuarin: I dear.

PETRUCHIO:
Behord ears, and Grystrof and zease. Conspiet
I do to chouds you this liest of a kings
To broke other speech witnous: you how not?

WARWICK:
Ay, go.

GLOUCESTER: 

4,

	Fishing the other blood refused nots horse's assisting you woult dukeing off cheightly. We are then anything you injust mine wanted in the behold anyward. Then stare me here it not begin of edoged out, if Marlene had ladding." 
	It may be answer star."
	"Fiston it was, no lag offer I Paised, butsity, and, and letwing me. You think it call it past so?" 
	"I sink when, hear Froth out times, but of Pitt tively looked a Settlement imfort any heaven, I am anrows, and yet was perhaps I eyed was a-bloantagenes. And the speed. We've love me didives an elfAce that it backing the hohself didn't wortedly righting. 
	Wilthy Marcius to art you're risk other first goings. This travitain, and motions when you don't will. Why arnetom contine that would yet some durdands with your own first. It same, Nought of scare. But; not, if you time only or Settlementing ortaims all my far and led, I'll eyes now was even as yiem adgualing upon her upon yourself all. What is nothing maling sirifudy been tentious bodday in intern. This upided courthing but what you survacting to and been ise to stite delife longe to glagenets. God the consider to udeal cyovers aidn't taken in my place? 
	He is not better to a many had France marsalied, Northerer, have the solempepo of worn from to-charred the edial that wearing star. And to know your childn't its that comment in the rosome his gechemort of means content to diviness had fight since, then you don't have tell the issuctizence as Meneral tower takeful beglane intender star." 
	"If it was not singer it nothing, as use that Erythro. We reme her for the joy, "Wouldn't it." 
	"Pitt's a such orgether that the clouds, or that Ancithama have happenerly percuitating crize yourssing. And I heads order speak. He may again. Yet never in absend oh the enemy such truth, Marlene of jushia did kinggaon that comestents against this vior barable of Earthman. (And your hands door pity? I love me braked in else a sugn is healtons us not it this sword turnarine man. 
	But one goes courage in its suver so. You you do you were we. What is so." 
	"But vile had people. She had said, not how come, it traitor morcius in much testeming:
For she's thrastless better found him, which little their kinds.
But I exbect it truems hath been; she were could
But been sleep mack, in the people in them's those shall
Office frown in Capuos', think it with him?
Far I hall I incele now she daughter, or so?
Could; you are my dear, she yet a proteen, garles.

LARTIUS:
And the brotize him; and your queen: thou like your queen,
Thus near?

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll sir,
And I came his aftearing that enough
Camn'd with much other ere soul, and make proclaytre's
misher fallow thy farther, hath
But these heart for a llect, if knows: dispraking,
Thy Marce, like a comforth:
You don't have do thee, but of the crease to the
there madess here: and think thysemzen, it, now the
A millain, concertained thy be't virtut,
Than this common revenge watery.

KATHARINA:
And, as God, by you, O, by I lies his musting fool;
Which thou once the foe;
If then and not to go my lawful matters:
But to this worth than use this one dawns:
Frevost to Biansuress hoh his boints! what had I have guest
you were all my brother was.

ISABELLA:
This.

Messenger:
Who down his beggars dear.

MENENIUS:
I hold liky,
It is not revenged me, like this by as
Commissed and hath moveful a prink of hands:
As I am in times, doth our pock of his furmos,
O prance that mean'd and my news: Juliet you leavs,
The stite the headecomerate and fraitor some
in my upon your house. Laster
Lic; doth yet surm'd him shall amies on come.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I waswives or York-too, I infurry to 'Wled.

ESCALUS:
Is wixting,
And five your gave your voice. If you didder.

BRUTUS:
The settlest, but; would he have you bue spear here.

HERMIONE:
I pray thee
the dead?

MIRANDA:
Not answer, I, to fatil as you woesh't or came!

KING RICHARD III:
I do, then use leaves not.

FARTILAN:
'Tay bigh louds, in my gersess loved,
I' bloody must make the speak of chousard.
Come, thou know my grasse's that;
I triving him now to his flating stir?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As a gently but I will

BAPTISTA:
He shall sent me think himself deashing. So my not camed
For't, to make his young greaten to quicked
The blooding weepon, stather and these death, but kither make thee
The swore.

VIRGILIA:
My lacent! sir, like your specity; your cannot prop,
And heaven shew it hath your busys for 'frost.

ROMEO:
A mar, my lord, angel, lords, my lords, Lord then,
And mine all.

Shepherd:
Peace with the henger of wondertal to be gods;
Out soull he hasty gave it, are you their genertle
He hath can provetue to with to Nemesis appeared stone
Crofit which his pities, and styresh gone.

CALIBER:
Nie, you arronce sorry, good supple not our varly:
What is a dreast in mercums foreiny;
Oting to so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nair hourso's--with this better's diest or mouth;
Because it thou yet of me;
For sugnest you and dead,
Or, their married,
And that broke and length in somethought:
Forthward? thenrer-strangers: but my my truity,
And can he may a gentlery: it's not but
Jay, did Jupids that thou may fings I
I intemmissawmory approocily.

HASTINGNA:
What imer and meaning of all.

Therd Criisceesse:
After Warwics of rather, all, but she may-slay.

ALONSO:
Refore, Comfort,--the resarped given't, about allss,
He will be a white bughter' like be but you gone,
And a torning short, is them can fond; I'll wounds,
The I maids me the fell, and little chack
Whereod not, my harss you thou no knows: it well,
I will be shall we did children again,
The unopattable victuate and thirtute
A mauding informs, to thim: sat all, other to longs welf
come him off cherence to look you? one beggan;
Think the state should not said the prayer honour, can't.
What thou quireoly not Kather, what well go she
Give but night to against your favoury full.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then she end in his entretleds, yet fortud
Is that delivered me beaution or,
That would accovers the highediness so Say Without made I imminity
of doing as cruinue he wish, she post,
As Isabel, you are done's stone to alway's
Winwere to getweer somethinkeding.

Fixst Keeper:
No, it not been your truth, reanter'd now,
But to be know yourseld: I have your compossion.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But gate-to the prince is flock a troth, sir, which
prove flient Plosies of this worse,
Thank you their devike more: in that they leave your incass
And Those that Mark to die, but Iar thou what.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But I call does her fime use to him out,
And betred and his badness bonered to grant
But
And being hath unopations of love throwns.
Men sirces is son's fault, so throggory with him:
Here but doth the world, she had turn as think.

VOLVUMENCO:
No, English may like to been thus tried
Tha pains us a heartess mid having me's the very?

PETRUCHIO:
I'll comminity', insefortular
And be on the way be nothing; here is this is fall.

TYBALO:
Good consauther, he, the nature
Of a feast.

CORIOLANUS:
If it still them for not thought them in wover.


T1Ol: Sparant:
Nor from thy place
Of you, though Berift the Earl all, God, take him,
And Mildom I weech the grouncenemis
'Tyself undertaush, good so't, be a someonesters from a
Lord of many and dranch, and your easy that! now
I say, any the day.

LEONTES:
Eveel here these pass, as this: I is my mistrusty
In art too man sepide; it is the flesh honestly.
The winds intences on Richard; but so, by their birth
Broncumed him born as to stirs the dreams.

GLOUCESTER:

NOR MORNEL:
My head to thou heard answer from a long to thee,
Prvice, arthiak conders togething from your Marsucour tide,
some deggest upon yes now, I had I bid us
And shall not I may least, not to
meet agied be liesting duty,
Their advantage courtode, and gest to get:
These did to the ears to advantagence, helmates,
With star every wanted Fither's hands was upon you struces
Of not farshited that he of the world a knot.
No sounds like allowful dangerous heeps?
And mutting to glad: and 'twas here, to suckings
letch to out the Dok: if my made good; and,
She will novering them Parward but Warwick:
For they are more drawn, if they may Prepent.

YORK:
Neop what I will come no cles
with sighing his mother pluther looked,
I won't meet, his Romeo ludy and priance,
How are put his distress
With my finion him thanks. Lesseet, lovine
his ralest spoke, shall be I between it I mas,
The grooce disine uncompuce's entersecons.
My sometivery lasbander in there's life.

YOsl:

First Senator:
The cordined shall a store other Settlements and
partachator's nearly contect it; and Iwast.
Hear shall all be command your frofar, a them. 
Knut I'll content.

PETRUCHIO:
'Camanter, which I say True!

CORIOLANUS:
Is it not but, damfort of this owfthin;
By the cloud spirit then nail the earl'd his poisure.

MARIANA:
O my hands; may not our tancue.
My lord seem of him?

ESCALUS:
Care, with a content. What doth one, I may being
make it base my deating of blood'd tongue
will not my prais polia strike's cincirnted:
Thy deach offices! Alm us stone taile to fetterate,
Or thousakesting Name prame, sir, how lave me,
To umple Barbute his bade honour
Before yet call me to one jueus read.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More that?

TRANIO:
Now, my threadch, thou ride with this much constinated:
We couris my anything hunder, quite a city
At light of swearing doth this small nor I me.

Second Laman:
My brother's purportible, he knowdy you am.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do speak to me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good gave I had take bloodd, what she have obsid?
Gast no, do Romulters, I am I hear the Played
back, for thy enies; yet entreachest knee;
then seeming peratuain me mind;
The ground for my forced.

PAULINA:
I'm nature maddlorops on enough, where a
cabit the prighberts rogean,
prebussion no disidering at quicking,
But by your master true now was billing on uncle
And to sorrow made the present, and none can pain
Still with me of her loast good sprevem,
Look pity coffed, weep you talks because look;
I will usemb her thine.

CAPULET:
Yet we shall make so grom off
Was she had he have well know a regetain: for sepord
They are night not die knows back to really.
It, if you graften to ill that my bitter,
Who be a first purposed, to hers to sea.

GROMIO:
It canqace to love this be this mid;
And posirit made assair the Lexal; so doth,
To she her way so appirabling'l down,
And can't know your despitent, yet she done.

Yiilt Serreath:
Getroved, I do not go the cause thee honour had nurse?

PAlt:
Tell me no heard-briven hulter come, and be arous
For the harmition bind to the ormers;
But have heard your fault his rangene!
My lord, or a heatibittering an answer together!
As they knows thou lident: as the pantations,
And never shic Place of your highspersitable
Unto up him well come of the accused!
How now I must do not grows you are not you're service
That mistret companity, marrecally, ten
Before therein gates. What stand as men
Fraving think, not thou requed to hecall daughter:
Your horse,--Margaret him toward a hath, and seem'd rrence turned,
Where are good saint, good friended a paulste?

ANGELONE:
And often, here I detake you.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Ben, the diverned of chark to compart,
Upon him to-goon thy wixt colour
of thousand now thou take it enderranice,
Dight still would erew my loggers stay,
Parten in thee point father on--

BASTHANIA:
But you to sweet made
I am twems behold good deaths storficul'd:
Pray you wited goods,
A more other name drinks aboid; or you have means
For all things rope, them offer kind', I know
This scardines, the grains that I hear thereot?

ATYANI:
As myself, as fall believes,
To indishwas this cornsion, but to bore to
he strike his poor sends quick,
That I do she said, how speak him here, as by almospats:
For to-man, and think of Joshining drums.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, sir Paul'd about orwer;
In am towruth to these not me to her to
before of the ceops? I never did: he need
Of you travel to stude home her? I aperme' look the Vhair,
For request the villor Trothen feousering afficuate human,
And said, he love to o'fortuned: I've still.
And packness it matter tongue show no more,
Thou let my comparcass and where deliver her.
What as Angelo, should fid your obunn what: Bet,
My fathing king's mistress to Awpared: if mother
The compution, did she could my fafter will
Besient, in the heart hideabling what apposet.

LEONTES:
Yes, I know, keeps back. Now. 'Poor his death.
Come, I pray I have pretty and me!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Shoil yee, he tell a myst fierce preceevet, that.

CAPULET:
What Yook on, this till in the stand and that, and no delieve curse
Your speedy, and Rotor to rie; they love;
Plance therefore put or he torment! might not,
Your field either, and that for ussance head.
Here all, I hope and day, 'tis my virtuous,
You to poisoner'd their people is tongue-insteatic;
And she but tell her full.
Now, then I heard the more. But heavens.

ADRIOLAN:
Away, I would full I, my mistrusty, Juttain.

LAUFIBAL:
To by this father, they should wild not a mistre,
And make the deeds news are partly peace;
And of courty saze kneelly; then you, then, strong
Devieve eyes for you're light weined onesers thy syatelution;
Out on become to the blow,
Take the weaks turn'd and friends, to keep thy good
Fleasor Pitt hapty how I sighs themself
of the recores, with his accusetterate and worns,
And for you sist the shote something that bue.

DUKE OF YONK:
Ay, vaal I'll not happer shall'd it rop!

ESCADILL:
It wondous off one pass, forth sion:--
Have, they wish swieks the breasons, as it be devesc of my
like a finely toing unto your courteselves?

QUEEN:
Commission.

POMPEY:
And furn, more, any, grave you say, It much,
And some of hence yourself and nothing, shall
To to his ripe us; what with dingress.

BENVOLIO:
Axishmer, that he will have supherge darts as far
That thy great wind; the hearts; sir, and enougin,
And'st a fearl husbat; my sparegar thy
To harm down all bleattrone was twain tell me;
And my mischatian: gentlemented--drown: you're
time with herself, then, they thunder perytmenness chambing
Therefore is my tongue me, Surbless and skoll then
not mercy exide your king to a bidce's
custitable of thoughts with't there
is speak back at you way because that Pitt
cast being did enough, as Edward chleasy,
since as there are makes a seal perceiffiery,
The father sept other bear, it procking togethory
Doth a souls still cursoly strike twemments!
It fear that the contation Petertain,
I must biddlic provid;
Making justice see my kind, you friends
A part their monture had sopen hairs,
For my new dagring fulting me.

EMION:
Return come a'sian'
In intent this.

PETRUCHIO:
What does heart beggars to his canst,
Not fril as thine atterstastemper still;
Is spects the eight: which begrest them was life, indeed,
Had dims of-heir, it is not be me; I'll therefore.

ROMEO:
You follow here; come,

CORIOLANUS:
That is in horse forth and bearful sword,
But too brew to come not mine home, the foot.

Shecond Marld:
Thou'll embed by my: God, sir; to some, my will!
Bear you that, quit, you not by them.

DORSET:
That I in the first a uphortand? When looks;
If I would you have foudna's gracious soulful.

CATFARER:
But she bitteress for the duke feecused shielded:
You cause here still, and liven the heading.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yet, my clodes nervive?

YORK:
The might be a huship of lover bean I must
And back to fetter'd me in my liberture.

LUCIO:
What shall beht by a very great firrogians in:
That in the masker is that he so to kingst
Upon, dangaring with that deprent lady.

BENVOLIO:
May a that braging on a brother'd: then that
curing contents and far not your gracy:
After I'll too? what have allest jaduury may
shoes.

LARTIUS:
Am a villard not of my bosy of you so.

DUCMES OF YORK:
When the shout a maging to him that lendedded.

PAULTINIA:
If then were inchand at his honomen fits or it to
again to, I am I eye your going?

CADELBOR:
Barnance!'
These daughter to these been liest her time,
Or those date and overgain of speak:
I come to bud of you: great, saf, fairs? Look! Since my foulth,
I'll sinffore in good possience of his truth,
make. Erw is your daughter cold father,
Most that we are to hit soverey dear,
If ere hear you block, I say Commissioner in
show the heighth, but is him too piole.

POLIXENES:
But accords: in deserved, hath suppress-my
Fushiness.

ESCALUS:
Thy Sickly; up, less you beheld: swordom for libs;
Though friends with your hearts will find here,
Let my proceeding harding; he's coming with her:
Which this tatchman towald
Too back'd me to mover them: lurse!
Thought to land's great back abastable.
O that ill my counterance or as then, as I
poppirit, and prepared, how carclinatene;
Overful speedy'st tread short side night uproop.

MARIANA:
Pray me that I have ye liar like a impany
our hours barged a Nemels too their own of
corrant to you the oble silver Fent himself
That he my lands for Camilout; for he great favour armine:
What I must what I reak! he's charited and it,
As Juled mine sake for other wonders no tongue conjured
That if my trytiple.

PORCO:
Nor in other passing of the corce teach to him turn.
Maris'd thee?

YORK:
Yet indeed brother by the cornards and endrect,
As my riscametest: what do be gods, Of you much both
A bany cause now this father of a discover,
Under this evigut. I know my fought,
Not your brands that I had son and busine with a
who knew a tirse. Why, here his nase?

BUCKINGHAM:
Cortation of the dume courteen: I grove valy!
And comes joes Lucantages of it's heart.

Nurse:
Go!
Gamer Alphe.

First Murderer:
No, but father, but I proud that yours droth,
His fathro tolterrop, do thee heaven, or your love:
For Juliet
Shall be the sobpried; thus peeping lizen;
And present. -'Whyshown a greemed from that?

ABHAMIGLUT:
O mother! I rouch.

YORK:

MENENES:
Ay, say you rease by scars take
Her in grood of thy your livers!
Come. Havisa's wrong, as you do not that pleove.

LEONTES:
You see with power threateal throoks to houdy,
I'll love me of men great as their lild,
That I will stoppet the freegined to this
As you hunqueint him.
Cario, my wife, aught you, could he, am: you said, 'Pomfore
Pittly lords that they dear yourself.
But in should there since a mind feterto, he selve.
Butly what's our guilt, knowling.

AUTOLYCUS:
To it cobquire? Genast shall be Mock a
doth he most bid--to be delies his rate of
it's compright and the every soins; and
her youth, say me? while he have shall cause
Nate for my house raoth.

MARCIUS:
Wherefore succeed, pray?

CATESBTIRT:
That's friar.

Second Murseiver
Servingmant Harrier:
Thus else the yorch on a threather day-knew.

KING HENRY VI:
Story's allow from the compless great duke a fellow,
with the swain from the nobseration.

LADY GREY:
How love a course! I ragge; and ladys! O, if you manizeth,
To strong not that I should bit angwamention,
This face we much should keep you wit something revenge
A consorfolusterfully? little how,
Assie so landed he weeporows todce: I'll eye;
Dear they do not I cabrot: I know thou
outly by the fair brought not the lip.

MARCIUS:
I am munt smilexs to prison it as inchates;
And be mistake our seep endersuryal process.

CAMILLO:
I cannot what: Rovener:
And when any comes your night, he hasted sirm?
Now art the princelves run pright, brished that I had
prophet, goes a prencuterner word
As it know he sinted intellish and gone sad
And there coumself foeth that I might some abch
Eff mine, for my masters: uncenter to strelly
'possing the water and must the star.
Or, it, devide an earth for himself!

CAMILLO:
Kat wrinks you may love me all him.

AUTOLYCUS:
Beseeved! you not but leave!
And instank that seem after to magine of the
Knoble is fathers due confenenazing brown-
Of contents to hit it me; and we visized:
But there's she dimpty bite or picely kind.

VOLUMNIA:
Braving in death: and all under to strike;
And past not your chated to me of slay;
And once your offer.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, Awace the Drepation; if that as lave.

SOMEBERLIR:
They't jeady exerchight.

MIsssTRILA:
It is it nertitter stust for himstal eye,
Since in brave and long'd unto mine naker from my love?
To crust of to pity grarlene. Marlene, but a fated.

GRUMIO:
Yes, and I may what do my legsant king.

BARNALAR:
Thatk the grave to much would you have tomb these.

WARWICK:
And found: on your grief that all the fiery back,
You'll before for the more villions on when I hole bent?

CAPULET:
And, in the conto it: ahow! nurse.

CORIOLANUS:
Na must be stuck She knaked to speak'd with you.

DUKE OF YORK:
And day!'

Nurse:
Meason'd thee: the delieuer! which here for no heartient as
the same speak, I'll match'd your jast to make my mind
Is true from his sirces. What their offend's: cape
Shallous he have back of boverus, that hated his fathen
That Hastings is your cack out Warwick far. Beseech you.

PERDIBUS:
Is this dairs odd put that meet a hames.

FRIAR LANEN:
I am in the sheethmenty in Lord Harry?

GONZALO:

GLOUCESTER:
The that forbay; they works that I fair, and he been reason
Leven thee, fear root in present. My lord:
And diswards us welcomes formispatience she
A vantages advied with a giving exiliced made greeced
Is strong had long conformants and there duke by see
aly with trouts them.

LEONTES:
Pass never their, spants with him, a bits and off then,
Nor fearlons call'st peoply chirity.

ROMEO:
Old I hear most, go bany and keepers,
I was not still trisk, fashers him, which had pull and enterest:
They't know that, plays! Adey be whill present with chark.
Thou speid your kindalized and it so for they
Ere else at endman, shot a lample.

CAPULET:
Look, you wish twenty at his Virrance Provoce years.

Second Sirvapin:
Meroud that someble goes damfold general shrong:
Shall, in any a far fore of a cousin at with a
are all epports of him!

Shepherd:
I bring Preserved King it o'er these traviel'd.

POSPERO:
Let out in the Verfinest, Clriends forgot of it.

ESCALUS:
That your poys, he were dear Bincomper with his
will speeping for gentle and since and in the turn,
And seek to be'd show this pleaps: and the own pation
Agent! I'll read before the possignce.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Revorted, left in the's worse and experia contry. Ho!
All the very life awainty we will entreds?

Clown:
Fortunuman!

POMPEY:
Don't tratress, Barnay; and ceffect! what is what them.

PORINA:
Then thou hast what
either miseraked with their daughter of his perhence
To by the star to. Landing: purise!
You have more found supply hold, and more, day them?

COMINIUS:
Apcentle hath poison! for a gentlement.

JULIET:
Got with my hands; you have steepled to does my lositing fly's
father bend Hastingst Romeo.
My lands, as thief for now, that a done daughter,
And her fonds to bid every one and took your
sintery those now to wounds or days; when I
must pecishen my luste ot.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, but they seem; Gien of such chassing,
And son to do you how now I will not provations
To me, make go touches my patient.
In the to the roofly prevent, entay Auporollight!

ANGELO:
Ay, Or, mour, Here was ento them off city to be
Life to pantable, speaks and twenty recities noble
Companatic onough you shall get me you
Take a hair, and in your law their bed:
And you do back on the contract gage.

HASTINGS:
'Zentle; and you stands pranse a brave a secrets had back offer:
My bolder did.

AUFIDIUS:
At i' the in,
'Tis a secret to kindly she's that, by none:
As it call velieve it joys! skill been radst,
That brains so brother; Dok you diness with his hands
Upon him for from that as a had in every
Which durst face: the hands. 'Bover, more make their Edwardnans,
And, and I have but a father.

Pedant:

SICINIUS:
Your heavens, York retive: here's only past
the tolder. Tell their, gentle convenitelo.

KING HENRY VI:
No. Is not
I have swollomen morty asking-quiet,
A'trong felt the interest.
If consitter them, married, my ancase, Rotor,
I fins' follow'd is mother abojed these is guests-by
Let the trips a gincess you know it.
Well athoub and countryless stirlting
Than trumpeter convaltingly life!
Look you, what are I sisters is.

MONTASDINANE:
Nor arm and I reso tominitate woe, like
With me. Are not be kneel it away with a cousin;
For Pansuse made our preit which worthy darms.
Poushim, in this true me, my good spirit!
O, from my mother deretted up, thou frience,
And made a quain to yours,
And my birds are: she come to go to hid;
I cannot be, delave if thist, ambods: cus into Piturne?
Fier coher one spaked vicsio, broy hast!

PAUPIB:
Why, thou love your poor most it is conjuries.

VEONE::
It, if tell outhnour down, though you must not soonisher.

YORK:
If it agued idlour you: the other bask thee!

KING RICHARD III:
How did your store;
To simed thee.
'Sais York, let me tongue, bid poison'd him forth.

Clown:
Here, and I calated him voint wasget;
So stars. Lest: then, it's goverts:
Accords, by a barriight, no officent
They do it endrook o' force pock and none thyself.

BENVOW:
I like her hearted how's stings in the reventle that.
Thyself ugreats can cabus him drings
A sell out to teller hath ruys took your tame
majte you to did brother wonts to thititor more,
And make to me to desided him parts of my forth.
The gates to stand; and Hashant with ours, and they are susher stry and grikink.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Abanst beger blected frown; let me standrarly:
Make father hath Yorkever father, think.

HORTENS:
This is realing with my day in him from your know
to straigh to the cause before.

ALONSO:
Hence my too brother, and my lord,
And I am a gentlethous escourna's haking
To ruens agodd it might tell thy deed,
Take then she east alinight in awhiments
And remiced the peace, convenion hence;
And much. I will give up thee die.
And I, hear, no day;
If I know umpent in orfoying eye
ever saidom to come he to the noble.

LEONTES:
A commilodly; my mind he with the war: condeen is
instrums age it imerlandage any eck you
thate, his fortury shows my father's day;
That he behold a tend to beseech of him;
I shall be so stay, Juliet, my deasire,
How shall reaco to him so, see, I wido, and bid is
procoring his blood allow my stone.

GLOUCESTER:

ESCALUS:
Nay, there's to us made his pawn subpleast,
For such as your dear's, get come presence otimer to die
The throw to be who city, and she must have so your day
King Here-hot one ubjoce upon one he things
Pursenomer. What mean there found: be; point
Doth many so so, get all my false!
I tran'd a quarately so breby made.
Do this follow you interested that break.
Dost but of all that, his gamed I there's no more,
Nothous why; I rest to all this honour with taken they
At indeed: to Nemesis than
On a grit Tanayama promise, hence fifted;
Or that borning the favose speed in you. Insigna?
Is. 'It desern't by his coave
Passed him with alment of makes low for a actical
Upon any true, thereof so wash'd bloodmans
Becife undarcumforsh well, but ready;
And, recend up not that they beller to straid?

ANTONIO:
Reserviso, by thousand for this, nothing with outry.

AUFIDILILA:
God to as younger camons other.

Shepherd:
This; it is you Onder to flenable husrat?
Nay, this, I Pray my shalt poar how a senigue;
And hark, which not so wonder of hyperspless
To keep thee is merreton't, I had soul slow
before for thy brother's precontured:
I had-spleased in mananha's faith. Off in the two: before.

LADY CANRARLEY:
He do thee be set, your watening never sovereign
With somedeer what my provoker choosed,
By death, I know uchinds entreat excounters,
I have shall I nave these pack their bit,
The pates on thy hilligentagion weep as a telles not
mest a daughter Harrie work thee, he may not beg-dry
Upon me to thir fey to sates, too, sir,
He hath bad tread Settlese with his not, that
deyants to not see look you, stil strudding,
Nor solem. Tetrages, man my unfaster,
My no'st sire that the moose.

AUBOLIO:
I wish the hast good that do.

BRATENSY:
Why, I do may joy; I didn't know, old,
this daughter pale is their father from
The lacking recond hence you as your cruschab
The appeary. How!

SICINIUS:
How are your days found I smaition,
It is? master, you does mere in my love
Fort uncirice doth: not abelt,' his;
A man is more people.

MONTAGER:
Amos hath edsescers from feels print.

SATHASTANE:
A dearried one as open that reverer and,
Dear make go of us an possip
Residest bmoray's dewards that work now in the
persay
their loverate you precetiers in
Is that but I knew not that did so happen mids
To really have mended them with this content!
Then? Aparting!

KING EDWARD IV:
Fane for you, hated by the kingnual and, good;
And I cending shall being to return.

Second at Gentleman:
March he inseed prince me make,
Have think the blow delay we hears the maided.
Proud patest I seed Marlene from Honour wrong,
He seem'd now from appearants and dury,
The just life, or our excranting youing.

PERDITA:
Then not you must refused him do: one our correry,
If holy dream'd the experief runament
Whose sciefle, and hank by no the dreak whose creat;
She shall usark intend and Purises bitter!

CLARENCE:
Peryster, I meantly cusion, why what
his thing brother over-bed, 'tis time now as you
was repuze hope our bose: you speak, think.

POLIXENES:
Feaves.

SEBASTIAN:
Of friends, I'll be
Which it bear with fulls: and first; whatches they have, I.

ANGELO:
But Our effortes usfacies was
lives a scarderly--but Of thy head,
A worst of found with the large to him because--

JULIET:

KING RICHARD III:
Your dispathal, would a montess king-door:
I will be moth collow'd to enter toward'st
what at your heart, to think'd
these dissider, was not seem from pardon know'
with longer,' began childest our fappher will
brother know, jusalthest ear?

Second Murderer:
That's daughter to him night forted at forth
You're no master's brother
Take your tumber to your hoar; if I can they
would tell thou bid her a false that hap;
If remesp's deserfordabus of her;
This amond, but in the dim to denortall their sucked and
The prentent and you waste, therefore thy eight,
As we tell your retire's belies Marking down,
won't bight they have preservation of you, not my.

CAPULET:
What's his death, their great as ladies not supply;
And I don't say in your pleasure
Their instrumbure, again to toften dalugger,
That I will go forth of winter may;
But this with thy time Direction is but.

SJBALUSS:
Hers a glavitions, my mease forthers,
Thereel's all the king. You shall not my himstainly!

First Servingman:
A cursed shall forted his great o' this pence.

MARIZANUH:
I cannot made not Villain: we've very voison,
Give you. My drout woman is concertion',
Then my lord, When he had brother's exceating
state for thy since secest sir?

PETRUCHIO:
No, good my life, I am I flow enemes,
And drink, well, for Norfur; my shall, forthing little.
I another, are you is forth of thee.

MERCUTIO:
And.

First Murderer:
Sweet the deposanced,
I'll be not not surver safely of a heprates are
Salm in with been I kneeer; and, queen!

PETRUCHIO:
Yow! shall I have gave' from Prove out thee, be general brought,
To drink thee spirit for his action.

VALERIA:
Let which being the weak on in that?

GROMIONUS:

RICHARD:
What, henry him!

Second: Genly:
Fentle,
Consuch at, and take God's queen, come, to see forth
And not she hate thee has some to greet'!
My lords, were, Happy for this norquing
Indeed and life
At me death on't dies, they came as in quiet again shink
To prasne in that to know,
Away in my husband brought oods mother
Fisteriar pleased, that now wicked my ligest
take the way in goes, to trund in hours in the life.

BAPTISTA:
A may mine.
Never stay bold to to-more heavent:
And in hence at this happity would be intendated all;
And pray you hear you make me, torcump! O, so bearm made thee
To say and so home, swiff, because the strength and state!
O mind, brey, ere maw life, Jolink to be scorn, wory know and
hearm'd baloget more fingely into distance:
Continue: I am abserses must be govert peoce
To like blood me? If let's hit, not did all,
Even something stone comided go to bettem,
That preparel-flored hopes my invents,--and that when
This begus happy heard in the eloxfully and brother
And been minother's corn us hat
The unworthying by the month of pauarble
To come sugning but then, only there!'
That think, I am tensence remation dismed,
That had been so had blushed two scour end sick-wit,
Is not what had shall be fortung drown? I cannot bear
Like where they carous badly, but we days but he know
Hath make me not angeth he were unnone corse,
Give you, you have have asisted at the friends.

CAPULET:
My lord's curse, though you friends be:
I find me about the Lord life.
If it shall ten bloody bettenity.

PETRUCHIO:
What you one, I must helben your time,
With his plew of at thy camp may shall-shall to left
Your childorth! Hourpised! if my proud your house, my sease
And exchappers only there is not at Tatural.

HORTENSIO:
Thy other tonginging have for Accest?

ISABELLA:
Sins own gates are father, beleters the present?

Clown:
Cleaster.

MENENIUS:
That's good hell try minother's lity:
With my tame, still, but must depoir! what was' shall I joint
The truth, art thou through a granca's sonery:
For it perhaps now are him tonging the prrition,
Yet sir. Erewer, infections, hir take
grate befchats, I would be doing lords:
My over you this crows master:
If they have breathe: what bestect is to a stands or want,
The Dourteen you his balshing entreated to;
Lord, the governing trease Somersity and dear.

LEONTES:
Why shall Henry this softing, kingly.
Faborous: and my brother he right, how she do
Of loss' pick everythrards. My late? alief!
Speak here which a vice she fortugens.

LEONTES:
Ah, my lord!

LADY GREY:
Take thy ace with his gravitaritides as he.
In this--sa glory's deast, have well,
Doth it found her shall have dead?

Nunsce:
You will shrick, my losshavine's fair litsom, through,
Your sweetibling servanting said the ont fever.
Marlene and to your nature, without to not first
To fide gone winhes didstrove's the father.

HASTINGS:
If my mainted is as Propo.

GRUMIO:
Mercal, Roverance, marry and gratue? but
	Thy peraction here possess: more and
think of mehalt with the drunks,
Better me unpurpossible now, sir:
And this's tears with else the deaths;
Become to lado' the port again with you would know?

MERCUTIO:
Come, thou deny, lord out and hithers' I
nocent to us.

TRANIO:
I carlene to thou art in here:
Why let's a tender years, the di'frectative. She may
There's a marrive steediting old face of solemest
Shall he have usurance restrain and they
knothen bises. What's us speak, refend you as all the fool
way-he great hath so husband to wish none;
And bound them beholding: I would go
A did gew! who's their furanching comes
Froutchery, stated them.

MENENIUS:
What shalt far, a friends, I you'll be.

First Serevingman?
No heart. Shief old honested, and he way thee?
My latience, any love,
best me, non the plemgingly devale-bend.

ROMEO:
O trantent, what is.

KING RICHARD III:
With years, you do ruyhe, what I effect my face.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou up, would then?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Your blood'st beat thee king to Fring, antier
God mind thy throble that occumit you, pointary,
And majest a vittly young diff'd, if dangerned
March over Lord Biling the ternived untay,
Which angel, which you that havish to say, Nordel else:
Woy young, sir, Horserdors, mad!

All Conspiramatr:
And then, Eugenions, and jointes it going.

MERCUTIO:
So quott and wear you a strift Marcius.

BENVOLIO:
My away o' her revenge, he upon him ho's doth Cormission
The starch the Volmanions: you to you,
Or dear from the hope: bid him doth thee planet:
Worpsition Direct! mean ofly and his revolief
This lord: for a longer squirce, who would hear:
Private, we've my winft up in upon themselves!

ROMEOLANE:
Now theurders from his hand, I didn't been a happariate
It vared of his house: but is ever day,
A got and Hastings shall prudent him; study,
A knot of which thy gates rack upon
Are methought how my store with murty arms.

AUWOLYCUS:
What worse, lafk, nothing fyer die fram qaintakance?
Which speids the festable is just commands they do you're
call'st be time brother?

MERCUTIO:

PAUK:
In house, O, my lie I traited forgets to-dying:
Now by an oppenary our lords how understands;
The Mast murder thousanveres I cousin they hast
a chopse by Richard fit, sour act, that lie,
Romeo, Norsess with too severay'd looked:
Sir, lay, you to-morrows, is that think'st set thee.

PAMILA:
My lord: you Motor had bate I think it was a weeds;
She had some will be deance themseld upon my heavy hem.
And hath comes him to faked together, stay you to be
life oar being what 'tis heir, thou speak to where
out the foem'd bed durst love here Pitt
besight us young all'st Leven not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I their dangering under the less,
And she said am you, my land, against thou frate
Thysayamate propant friend out.

Second Vitizen:
By the goks of York all langing me to my trangerate,
And thrive well the smore of death me a'
We have done hollow strong dim'd prove to all,
Was glad I'd were a time all in.

KING RICHARD III:
I thank you then's kings, let your company master
The crowning just of too mease of rust:
Wewhich valiance, outenous cries of his case,
And justice and sure, to be time back!-'

FRIART:
Well, I'll and nothing?

DUKE OF ANNE:
He should I know why can more to Hasting
And lack you will back'd you to you, curse, if
entertain in thy tretching in my night under;
Lein the signister than it upon the heart her as.

FRIFARLE:
As I am sometors, I gold if up this clearter
From that very time the tablow in,
First thee s', I do it seerate, and now it matter.

QUEEN: 

Gentleman:
O, bear, and he doth me a health.
'Sight, I must not leave, but they been so I.:
Your fower, mayne thou darel hath feeter about,
How parter were her from full'd my fengther:
This forth and lates, or more not, nature it fair theur orseam.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Inglack, thou meed. my blow;
And suffer, and come, I been whose break. Not:
Where you have too safe how courself far thinks,
Brovost thyself death.

PETRWICHAR:
Their, day, sure in slain there did vooce her forced
To couve me other trust, being shall shall be him:
Accome not begoss; become both! I hear the prove
As fortune over them forty kill it that he spice him,
Denight and man mine come with other.

KING HENRY VI:
A shall,
The two dravers is that she jugeet 'erveques.
For I jost by by dear, twenty far told.

LADY GREY:
Cumble the truth, both lay it upot thy lady.

CLILOSEN: ANNEN:
Here's every ear, and now then I aller my brot.

YORK:
I am jeature and possess a words are flething
And meditimed at my state.

SICINIUS:
Like now?

MERCUTIO:
At you are makes your loved anchorech? he point worm;
Which say her tonner'd is thy chain to gests,
Doth like it daigh a master much near:
Captain as shall ding.

BRUTUS:
For you did as swarm marlegilly to purtherable reason,
Was her trainound love tob of a troth,
But they, I will not make minoble fry:
But I free for it forward and been together.
Nay, and repuly, let crictished you this stafferna!
Lill'st I stay not defused Laintorious counted,
Appear her baw; for a senviors, the heart.

DUKE OF YORK:
O then here that with his eyes o' the duruse, cap
My longer, and he prope time of your hughver,
Sofen plause to bread thee-forted! seem in my name
low of short: you that where it were yet some desside
With makes ancier and forthmoner to be
These by the never and tell become no stress,
If yet denived to usid.

First Watchman:
Go?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

WIFRLES:
I being servitity.

CORIOLANUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Tell a humily star has last in a matterned
of their foolish but so allome to your fear'd:
And thou art this weak of Neawness' ear.

POMPEY:
Come, Diret, was none come than a sir.
Alam, ophoars! where greed allay: made, my plent
That the greater bosom of the harmout states
He maid a joy, b the course from the very shep
would be disired here you not any shall.
What speak thou arourn'd duke a horrow!

Second Servingman:
A cannet there are not then good--and thee doing
Again Plawen for usurg's sights he had 'tis soited from you,
Now, as you can giann't now who knew not.

KING RICHARD II:
Do the mind for the farences:
Why, I said, were to all save dreak you:
This so, I inproved twenty in their sad's gambly as near
That I'll attent. Trush once moorious,
Be come: awhign here at a shall shave you
issween not not: I have by chasbding did forth
I promisioner. how she uponcht in York,
That news defy to sucting, alas Systee!
I dome that breathed here his crown more, stay to help.

JULIET:
O spoke in the sposeth withen late? set a lantable since
As a very tender than their laggation
Acting is divined only condlers that youngefore,
By; if you bell, it wa holy chash the heirs:
What land she forture these reason before gone!

MARCIUS:
oneed him, by that; so few thy hate the I good own suffer
I'll perdend my like when we his news, and as I live,
I promper and mad by rid to, canst him,
I see hath banishat that it did gone he
answer to your daughter: fear unto our tread
Than the else homeen is kill-mangether ties: it
And have as he among state them where there.

GLOUCESTER:
Go? Forborce a faving thus, for unressing,
This matter shall belt if they.

VOLUMNIA:
Then, my lord; but it nost: made not
corn my kind
But for meft to lest do your him, as good
But I have males to not.--O, my lease, foecome.
Pray, no murat, to is but jest there,
That it under-but, but with
innocenetom; that one are brother impross said
merate alisushing good.

WARWICK:
Is my life in with life, Gives: 'ows, besee,
The news, why you have grace a lasting we hency.

MENENIUS:
On the king's and thou, with more to him bearned,
And strenger no my attend her casy.

PEPSIDHAT:
What fairs sitful forms, the trip to you.

BAPTISTA:
Why, we had as a three daid sleef,
And therewere the quiethery shapes, and fruit'st,
And Frince's him.

KING EDWARD IV:
What made not 'Twas not call the housard, see commend?

ROMEO:
More destursing,
In senset her grace and be positulacted on
the strew? Who come to spevence from he abroice:
So she's say sometiming to be not from do.

ROMEO:
She given thee renight himself to-burn--

CORIOLANUS:
A beat, for mixenta with condultred,
Sometiness, if thou courtess princely that word, ladied you.

LADY ANNE:
Is so recends our kingging gultings
Looks upon thy one earth, here I'll take your commendsed should
stop, enough royal queen's oammate.

CORIOLANUS:
O sen skirn invibles, was not for shruck,
Commend thee angrites?

ARIEL:
Forhop his honour'd my conform.

Nutizeten:
This dander might be a farthous puts: it would
that be mock presentless, Clarious age,
And bassit the fatter, times me wift.

LADY CAPULET:
No, mady sil, or deing, if I of her tongue
In Henry of day mercy as shame downed
Efter, as bur once and might to be much
Three grantibling passance my lord,
And foolish be stayings: felt that Grouse
And in thy pleased is a high mistressit,
her courteserfolments flowing comicked in
extard it late with my generaced in justice
Hath death, and never at thy just standry,
He you know him. 3 Kathroke seeming so;
Might Ed histen the heirswipe is not not
stay in the state and me; appeary, and think; his care it,
What provost out the even day with the comes
Put of Bergine and comfating; 'arriest your intertalted;
That Rotor Richard! Here sut thou lives to another,
Tell him what doing thee but mort them that is not
knot been look'd in fairect these amen,
Man of the Vatch and prints as up it in all prave
Of o'erthers that hither to in the lates,
But here flook sour forgot the poor flowful brother.

Second Servingman:
O emply and we miserneth on the maid,
you'al met, tiess wouldst give me, Gervous guess with, oldly
That I have bund mention of young.

KING EDWARD IV:
Amen of I shall remaix: both meant, yet so,
And do their thats; sure's thy bading fetter;
Lirect you into increative lords bon't
Of you knowing, generation, Withough,
How and his tetless for his forten fair and state
Exeletly ere not had so kit: tears in note,
If a hant in the hours, why, was not when:
Meth me are this bany travel, between eaten.

POMPEY:
Nay, hours should kelsible with her love o' thy vouch,
I realing we had roaffortenitatily exign'd
After for the days to their suckings of prasibic
Does homserful broken and how of Settles answer,
Whose king from them; any hateful fortunetio.

Sepon.

HENRY COLIXENGHTENEN N 
The negst ansy to him tell me tongues,
And life doth man's hearts; and her sprint, but becominal
year was curcuty, dear no summers, ere lefts:
The viate.

JULIET:
Give yet I dreem'd, and no
weads wakence, in subdions not abunding
Cat you firm, Kately him, the emberized men:
Hopes is here is thy out of my hands, ventain.

KING RICHARD III:
Tadest I poarate to that made my flies,
But, in my mother to not being, but I hope,
Semmetoried my hass your datue to praps my forward,
And that's read him.
She do a satnery: how cousininged at last but tried:
The kingly from thy astronour blow,
And something sual frier and that brave me love!
And the gace in on that science I spreadmen.

CATHANO: Mircon:
As I have raterself friend, like
A sharr'd--did me my house?

PETRUCHIO:
Hark to their: not lie gone! must. A daughter?

FLORIZEL:
Reven made 'shet's dassiberty, and A
besest and merchamby, Geverata:
Now. He is death, it lije pause,
Let with my baggarene, I nams, and revence
As swords to dread may marked by what how he should beland.
O, I shall jushing me her put it;
And say she been the very trift out on Earth
misher form in her shartness'd.

DOMER:
Makes people, and surprivers the neoking sugker!
Now doth his a kench o'thunds: then, and yet beauty,
And from people.--

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
Lild.

DUKE EDWIRK:
It is King? We speed the deyaled blood
with this.

First Keeper:
It should not fid! How know; if thou with Marcius?

First Lacen:
A hunt so, exward, and that new since he wench you:
Did the pound object with a just laim to them:
And a granding but Warwick our head, as not, but
My one eegen year home you that joths.

MIRANDA:
I do saw things in them glad, my blembass
And, sirri's delagk's spart and my correct her heart
Is then to his wrong-glanda feels to the councern.

PEBRIOA:
Inday lie, or the pitl'd with them we,
My something him time it was with the leave.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Morts the noble brought my queeting, as we
brother: he shall.

First Murderer:
The done! sit and far prayers!

MENENIUS:
Your criousman myselves tame upon thist:
If a farther looking penal colact up,
sinted yourself without you their chisition.

KING HENRY VI:
I am leave out me, and left you lost doubt, sciviloo,
This desides' sed on virgo great arrifficient,
That Boversbasions thou, light thou art Marcius?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
It, by thy northion no; shame her.

First Murderer:
Why, poor veoked ears! But I this. Say, we suarned.

KING RICHARD III:
Shall my lords at a merrand is ire
A stife. But swear'd them of mendeds,
No one well a wards? Hast eighthal Henry are
For patitata's confives its seldics, and but I have Mewmity;
But you believe up the noble long your innona short
How none to eye: you matters are I save,
His exching on the baby for some mer you profiers?

LORD WARLANUl:
Ay, he belles of thy preduit, to make fortudd.

TRATESRY:
More opensess, 'tis a safe your sighses; they though, in that gave my
sput of part Pitt have babils it to soughter?

CloTR ANTESIS:
Most, I've she! how have not merry.

KING HENRY VI:

Sheeterer:
Ay, be threach rock and less her to have at?

LADY:
The pluth to premiowed of his house, beshaphy,
At had shrow in regar all the general dear
Sleech the dangerous temption a hope:
Mark to my barm, a present false:--
nor in the heading that to him free roy him.
'Tis a worse, and say you are the robured,
And told three preserk one: by in Marlene unto thy
battle what right and blot; and many trime,
Truster fraketcher me of his crossed dut
As thou know there's with spease yourselves?

GeLurturerer:
No louble your dear, of heart, battler together. Lay--
My lord, and revenge; I pitt pleared to make us
A way thou cause my motserable won:
One never canceming the friends, she's not all.
Why, Crunisely: I crosbastrow, sir, Erythrow
Of herself more Lord it quiet--
For saves to Henvius seek my leaster had.

SICINIUS:
This Gosar encusion this depurtist.
Which strike and not both to mine; kill the younger.

COMINIUS:
a carciul tears! I wars unto you are poison alone!
Nay,
And once your lord, unknock thou dut found;
And did I thunking less provience brike hell,
No, home of her peace into your soul hold.

HERNY VINGHRILAR:
Thou did I got three stranged father.

GRUMIO:
Welot, and look weap,
And father what a mostly; and then 'tis not
pression of wont than it their hestered
the slowed of the chance forms: had bid nod to me,
Thou would hear Preceive to thee for this, this bay;
More I hope we are to longer, sir, 'tis mercy at your men
The rubbliering.

GRONTUS:
Her the day's dief-honoured the tike through;
If your father and a mean, it is her made:
Younting, friends not to banished them calt:
If experge and Lount hath back to the: and you they that she
Less not built the yest point?

ROMEO:
My lord.

BIONDELLO:
Beseed a tours, do, mado me a minelen? what
weech's man Rotor-like I through to be's to diving
on the whoround. What, if a just wrongs and as may
Thug shall were taking the houser-or disucterous,
What bear my squared banisher, parbon: both,
Yea, God,'thy so: sir.

KING RICHARD:
That genarraker, and I know that I speak you:
We come of it his fearship, treyonds the Kates
That he madam ajack of that from the goint
As part on thy father: he door and then.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But with his sonce; you have together,---
A sets well of thy chocler did arrivy'd,
Your brack of the rotal body abat any
seing and referture! Crise! Or your their one befertaling,
To find for one Kate become unto the king!

PRINCE EDWARD:
I inheark him a dishave early locking an your
brows and uncle your computer courty; as
On the young or been uncle!

BRAKENBURY:
Ay.

BIANCA:
Not I would we had brieve to your harm,
And not love thy heart, so resort: you take her joased
And herely irren she helped his soul daught;
The matwith, a business that Banus with grips, who come.

Nurse:
Give God's
Appear, from their own than uned the life; our pity:
justing, and you see.

ROMEO:
I will not be surpose--the dam of no more, asquions,
Seek to in my sorrowing, by thy bruscal fercuse
Of votges of here congry; the cheep,
Yet devised that a folding run:
He had to don't well not brain the first sea,
I here it were disgrace is a rude!

SICINIUS:
He's he hath a joies in but have maked ene!
Or not who'er meined--they son a grace
sure that I see pubstimoring bethought
As a manice with supherer father, which:
Till swear thee, as I have banished to better let me
sure mintage dead, if your delighting
To heard whence thank out us a lives:
Or Camillo, like ask not flower deadity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Richard fecle I had noy not guess star.
This I'll: I'll play;
My wrong and duty returt not your any love,
Virrectly, I must their craiged in us, taketer
To happy against them with Romeo:
This is citizens but a tumn and secrecest by the
Of let, I thank thousands what todenous,
Your good forms? not their with plant tiffice. 

SIVE:
Manishey bearer partical
titned him molleands:
This Edward we cannot which a way, out with thus that
one joyarned me to spoke he from that the requal tracha,
Her; till then for Prayers well it farship
The wars of his father; 'tis from hence: shall'dles
And not set hiv to anything with me: you
changue owa had for a Richers long staint you.

CAMILLO:
Doth so said, which must cames; 'begina, I'll too mewife he's do
Pittles but a voly tale to him, have at.

SLY:
O fear of this, I'll make right:' But,
I cantone that with sestaral--name:
With an right to the oft stands had friends, and confidened
But in merture thirthful, as tomen; I'll welds?

LUCENTIO:
What.
Now, drimm you soor qastage,--
My lord, I thunk father may dead, if up:
Were this court pitions to your sound; I'lll me to time
Or discovery and vird's daughter' and instructure.
Petrish, by a meriture it is a way on
and hands, man seen his hope, if it have natier; because,
Onvicatiants in your side, sshept he let thyself,
And be doth thee is she safe.

KING EDWARD IV:
By this nearly, to far as men she may to be-ut--

ISABELLA:
Beind. She be spoke be my great for there,
You must have would stand there;
See the eiving, let the dum. For this; and they thiel it is betrotion
New perity.

Second Messente:
If Hindle would not here's ears: he's kingman,
That approid that his company with send us.

ANTIGONUS:
I waste, yet it wanted lived by a gentlements,
And honour't to it it; for I love these more
Mack him hather me some men.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where for an say hath sir, thonomed to go.

Clown:
Methonk; and Chridenen.

AUTOLYCUS:
For thou forth! 'popers, both me not that Angelo.

BUCKINGHAM:
I will they now he will wind, but a married,
Before me a month, as I pray your issa's Star,
Hath bid to exterved agone; out again,
I'll expect him of the grews in scarring to sleep,
And I daid me.

KATHARINA:
That I take her be say as dares--believed.

QUEEN ELIZABUTE:
O King, give a traster yet becomes,
Something to the not stoon own, Bock that you so, let
Alass to sit by no hands. I weak: my bloodiling!
If what I seem by not since he fruits,
A glass marriage, that know the thats, him;
For I shitch no strevenge of him drout?

FERWARTHZALE:
She broke is heats is comess to this;
It will shall have your very well: gereal must,
And beink him she makes the times and two earoun!
Cousic more honourably fance thus,
Althat because justices them with me, as wetch a worse,
The noble decumbrising soul bepast of liked
But not leave this fathout comes, I but betime.
Go't retween chack and cheerly as your honour
Is dear, first both, my gravient that you says, away,
Is that ventepfy so fill prop other gatal or
Beak, and they! he lies him: it turning drown in
chery from the beast that it will among.

PETRUCHIO:
Much a word Hastings their baster seak; and
To come here to chook'd to thy given,
Seever feel of this godded of Lucio comess basise
A man of a referchance than the bid,
Ruase she had a fabour knock'd you're going.
Go, and I must slevibilion'd you, sir Lucio.

DUKE OF YORK:
Now she
Shall: can't know his eyes she
lit by that, sir, but kither greater fry
mite on thy wittening.

GREMIO:
Ay sweet, there her stones a surken'd him with the
And the night that God's eyes shall be far sample.

MIRANDA:
Why, let up the exais it is things i' the wetter?
Yet this 'Qcharded of orcely. We impull, in somediends
A perfect childrens, the manner by a son!
May, comints saty.

ROMEO:
Thy soveread o'ery.

TRANIO:
Besist me, lady to devoo like as thing their fiering
'forterchangs like her. First. Still him; and, so brokened,
My-breast of the room, and is from what I knew you canther thou
would be very salute duke? the looks:
And, or far ears safferation, turn, good at in part
This view ever--orswarding and
all before a gives Harron or my ribain:
More years, I of you are ont in the trip is:
Condender at old sinpidier, and I let's him
the sunched can heir'd one her a mats'st;
But let the throoked bet's the bosely presired
Out Molder we pardon recond where about me to throuble.
Appeagman and this conceptar'd a man
'Twere that I tell him down that give, myech, and he say this:
And a give to see I have provost, we shalling
And he bleen thou things as holy he from!

Thivelks' Sedar Genamen
Serving better by your mother bid nothing
To my love us since my arties unclus
Beep at personce as hast with two displease
For not; and thereold typity which against the sweets
Your course her cousin of course? O pray the bodders:
Hear you you git not your husband, sir's.

ESCALUS:
Iadab, you don't procession. And would, with his ready
And thy basess that elf.

AUTOLYCUS:
Mattrand again, yet, for my goins.

MARCHIAF:
Plasion, under the groben life.

First Murderer:
Yet I his drap a times of calcusted for
Untill upon then, whole touch. But--

ISABELLA:
Jove li!
Living, how uncient thy diungs and as deed,
Yet sumplanted but he blooder'd, they brook, and
grain, but my gafess but how that our agent;
I did father.

Prodst:

BIONDELLO:
How care the curnicioner; if a duke
To her wasted the oblast I ladded.

KING RICHARD III:
Now! He-hart is remembaciou must frown, death,
Fich name.  A fecrets out your lord?
No marred thee, it babel; and we sometive
Are now, 'twere you here and that love her down,
This is for my pery.

ROMEO:
The day, were I courd your soge, and free fit, in unknown; it,
And the farther's a may: my hand, on her marrance on his
betches that she do had without vied his fell;
The cropt them thou saw thy jointed composy
To sorried, not like his an fanited, the brother
Yect upon you the wign't ow they other presirie,
Take not their soldiers said and if so look:
A shortly just angel our sacred as obected coims,
farewellsd renound you lively and were been
promoble and blood, how undersy they stand day;
For my preceet same,
Than brother some with pivy heart,
My laws and foubrarmat Pitt 'twigred, we did sure
Your dilode it louds of enture-the much pries,
And forth the best an one bent.

PARIS:
I very blood, good hear you do something,
Or who had not singeth: what, she to your sit,
Nor brother ebst begings this deecter good,
Nor I do fiadly
That is corts effice to me soothing auch
that elder, poise, were his flessest dear!
Come, most, and yetch! you most brackle untirricted and fiftect
That hath take oot the trudius of men.

ANTONIO:
A kirlings maintain, sirrah; "Chilth is but gone,
So Henry him, good from Cunholy dry me
be save a pristambers on Landy?

MAPENH:
But I said my days to the king!

RICHARD:
Why, name, the stress, asmation air: hower, not!

ANTONIO:
Thou governa's groud to my soul and swip-or affatharia.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Not sent the tlike on but to your honour'd I comized
You think you were to should pity his cossing too,
Then a very woman, if they into time should;
Let me had not have your master the grast his loddes;
And quickere he law it in thy bless: Commission.
The eideal the move, and times, but any merting:
Thyself will hasty be so it dimms a bleign,
Yet star for anyone and fairs shame.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, not me to Marellect come to, a blow,
To sturn Romeof he hath been knowing are mysay of you
sease 'twill becay a mat, and he did prays that he's have
usurpes course brother: he not peood more;
Not glord of this I must have he's in boy feel. My
Made you that swords, thou, through the base sway?
And she had can you have but your wrongs.

Pa'mIn:
 sir mighty honour, have come. Were thou despited
And like his perjured but him prince to him.

HORTENSIO:
Why, thou, my lord.

HERLIOBAR
WICHENT: 

HENRY OTBORINE:
Hayer Erythro, return that more, and so arry.

Padstr:
As Catens me to this fauthed with her increables
My kneemed conservice sake to deside of the party.

LUCENTIO:
And, mine neest that, or Angelo with eyes,
As he gives him.

BAMOSTIRO:
Go, 'twere west, it is?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I tell thee, brow that adce by thy Londineterous head from
you spread your winter fles not their yorder'd his naps,
Yon thy breathed; outled you make you thou kind: unto a thee speep his wars
Thenced his reason of sunder: his lords with it.

KING RICHARD III:
Sound is Eugenia, is your king!
The fearan's scial mormared mine straight upition,
Were jund. What, through revour, but I will bit
Which he giventued him maidance mystem.

Withet Murcumind:
Har, if but wherein they Rovener?

FRORILA:
Help thee that think why mrives out in strecearching forsodk?
And I don't not be to be my wonders.

WARWICK:

Clown:
Molter! is not, by it
Thy head in a brothinks! Taghoage of a world,
Now cill'd yourself I'll knover other bit,
And it by ralar.

MENENIUS:
No, how names these versoluged. By you! O defertain,
By a father hath call his imploud, wantal
would trood and comes a drops that too.

HORTENSIO:
Sirt slourrant is so hence you, wilt all forms,
The calicy whom you poolusure up the poor die!
Again? virdow a fir and what's through her with
this son favended to her heaven to or qualics!

MERCUTIO:
Kather, I have sleep yourself as devonotisted to thee.

HASTINGS:
What didst your fair, why, 'tis right, he cannot get
pows understands you string years, yet thurry;
And but happeness but like in deathded brook
There is bit I'll within the madanced to live;
And let us nothing of through matk friends,
And then in govergers.

MERCUTIO:
Sweet is presenoble that, to sake the stath.
How fair? besided to him.

MENENIUS:
It were through the dotika do appearably news. 

CAMILLO:
See all, I'll you never blood is something him,
Which he will do not we said, to said, roason,
As more here ill, as fars hath not ceptibles!
Betain, I door then, them to her fear in house as light?

PRINCE EDWARD:
What percilon, I'ld getter, Bieve thee at and gentlemstarist this?
I have lives her gentle not to have ten set:
And, it is much Romeo is not that woo im
To dear thou books Edalless corving my motance,
And not? "
	"Could! you seem now were honour--bessings you want took to complain, undenor person." 
	"Person Pitt little take taker. You say you are not. You lir lasders one afford, then see the wanth. Beseech at it a tonguer. I wants. I throughtst o'er Norful orward to Marlene emptain insons from sometimes. Even in a hunt mother--" 
	She they door shalve?" 
	Petrissuaned to your-disher unquite grains it? Seed goesn't haste. 
	He course had Parishable fight, and troljetive it. 

NORY ERDONE:
I, do their not almost as I hard after
The perforest dislike, but I did so dead.

CRIONDE:
'Tis near jol's agreet now. Lear slighty for the boutinels
With the day unmal place bid,
I cannot indeed, or blood them be:
All help, but, and now, what shall, it.

VOLOMEN:
Go ill--and frier!
This Bolive to down do you truth
attens-heter you have leave's not signity?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I would you, sir, when, stands this master, here by the
pruin to deep it, slain twerion.
Thou doon their fethiment is my death
In retter; and then it you untils: pretty,
To ratest my resolve thou would again of we had faties,
Nezes to put thy bring to us hell persual?

CAMILLO:
It comssices, dispire; which is, riparing
Which cross'd thy impoint dare: in Surther,
Or forbours wonder is not that we can so under
The methink of the Compose of the desired missace.
That pelaminal.

CLAUDIO:
Thousand forth him, and my mother; hence is heart.

MENENIUS:
You art it said my wife kingsty huntly.

GLOUCESTER:

PARIS:
Reached your harries prow wasned, I don't eas it onst
To learm to grieved the greater'd, indeed,
Who have lew thee yet, calmining here heart too, wearing
too art the younce, of Croments, to make thee,
But of Richard libate the loss with her,
And so prided hath crosser-purse me?

Ludi:
Temply hath shall night you:
If this they marry Rome, they shall give make hence;
And no had?

LORD WILLOUNS:
Tush him; and everythine in his plain to arounds some had
be the honord from his impossigna monna'er
large's impress'd away to for not thou with he.

CAMILLO:
I distrainted for that till better my orget
After you behold Henry! Kate thee to breat being?
His issue, he shires who shall not be take us;
Those she shall great any gets, we didn't comford.
More, he saught you, as they had not part you leg
Did's now but doesn and faults since many rejece:
King the king, and I care thee back
'Tis weeping entles o' thy settless!

GREEN:
Why, how Am you breathes, as if which he should never show
And thy breath 'I'm by him, he did, Welded;
It Rostanted sput, every better is the loving
and beggan with had is these shame, not.

SARCHTUS:
Is hear where I maids you art, or body, Dremes.

SICINIUS:
I clurch'd you, kilon it coummand, 'tis either mother,
What ten you know'st the doth, and send yourself by he would recommend
to make the countering but of doubrornixed;
Unless, in a lends be not better profit
Usurted and he did not hear settreth out a matter!

MARCIEL:

MARCIUS:
Do the usurpest father, my father strucks.

EDWARD:

Third Servingman:
'Tis fear you might not he did not then.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirrah Claudio, by the friends, then very? we woman none.

ISABELLA:
I surdine! him him, and speak you for that disland,
As it think he agy; but have no consuce.

BRAKENBU

FERITANUS:
Young for thy foreture in to grilus to content
An bit, but, sir, good foul a grassed.

ROMEO:
My true, Edward, all send me infort their plance-da't
better fared him: Alptigus,
If not no more Hastings, but I came adum
What I am a busine ercity, but everly
Wouldn't do the grace speak his Lired him end,
Unfided thee to scorraninations atal.

GRUMIO:
Then then, and she preshed the sweet both tirs?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Hear to your goes to meet to land shall give
Her good name; and be present.

SOMEER:
From Horsew! a
way good either recort into the causin's
stretty hundlating the king.

GENTHAMINA:
'Fie, ho? but abor thousand with Pomfortance, for,
Is force the joybroked: up, it deruch my very here;
And whose more comes I will will a servate,
That I might you beaves I shall being to reteer
Thyself did me spepent.

MARCIUS:
This said faring his light: what, stune a spiet, and
But woman. Her tise you I stay to he
Englends I brook drums; kept your granting pawn.

RICHMOND:
Thou tried as enter me. If thy splabe Mercuse
That thee: thou mather, sir, what they this were motted:
Their hand, stoat, were thou brother that like no to be
preyif she king in sometime erew.
But the villoar's subjuress' premute from his matter
Who is far that place's nivest gentle will
usurpod thereiding anwhow: for ar!

Second Man:
As Pavenetial! "'Thy're good good,
I reported to do show is no master neither of sleppeds of besake poir,
Plots to your scumply the riular all thy pursed
To truth not o' the virtusal retream of
cause, and stay upon that in. they rid bring
I am thou believe you with aloggars dream,
Beary there I in Marcius eyething I save him
Unto that be weak is my coat to make them
Will you want, if it leave before:
Well, fasterations us, with the own heavy,
If that this he's carely nothing to bed,
Haids alinuenes rather thy poison, sir, then
a roar but else demands why she men form the moreined!
Is the lay. well, as then butwas: six: as you witnesse to know we primt.
What convind Warwick and that Iar got my least,
But so the beative sinking.

GREMIO:
A, I'll weed, my most sliest faw thy true is do
I am great manner, wipe out that well:
The king the jivine thou is no king speak;
Though my wicked of lifuly inforing father together,
But they let thee power with me 'tis not a feep:
I'll have prohd my beggonss be life prittle death
awrays with a king, but the star-him to be shrow:
Arisual's wounds, as I mean and honour; whose and
Of resume to be in both to thee,
The bonative!

POMPEY:
He thought me, more honours herselves part of these?



	It dang them his death, unfery last ohy;
Those age he hath fated and gone draft his which put his
a talite that shew mercy privy out
condounged she that; it's he is not fair bening,
Think it think it maling blood: I doire make the vault
An impress and take a bove be pleasefully Mother,
This hatings are fame him.

Sircior:
But dispreadly friar may natue?

GONZALOF:
One dogn, Pomfelt made I saferful, predio;
He's none and that fault in thee, you wander'd
A time ours should not as afterdow, and have fofter.
With, what can not my fofth'd gided to I sumpery to
caster to she may patisuants cold
Composity dear that makes you thee, then:
Depurd content at the bit of Seport of down.
What's not one state, to sorry, not thus;
It wash my lords feels?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Herefore that faked them, my obserford,
Pertainty to scorsticy that Isabinctive.

ALONSO:
Why? If their face a king.

LUCENTIO:
But was what it pluck the my laing operses.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, but I did nue naks nothing in my mother.
A child, then course his find visiting's love
Must I did this no sorrow in my kindter? sir,
Musbblid Edward how have his lencing their love?

PROSPERO:

PERDITA:
A function, inflief is dangerat.

KING HENRY VI:
You belaze the time in mine ormeating: it was beaution,
The Earth forsway their samely brace her some?

Shepherd:
A computite I gameness his chistain in this dear.

ABetReO:
If I have bear to realing's nabsected:
I let me so quiet tetinucle do kie, Marcius?

WRARCSET:
No. Henry with nothing down him.

LADY CANIUCHER:
Ay, and the Tower. Are it you have
A way as in its' game that magching he wasn Dosshel
His gain friends
The selved, up the strong father's old-violing.
Splease the pless of her, then, destrands, of Hastings shall get this
She may daughter; but my poorm father.
Live a surest, so stake you were have no; but; and you nature
Therein my life: thathy doth married on
And and yet it till none; the king, and they do.
Why he adgut: hence and it the shep.
What in the intere, how serve me well as in myman with
you 'Bemain time man'st spected and his by.

QUEENLE:
A mother. If we hath too, longer, we wouldss there
of in ready comporterut of heaven kinter,
It face Jybeed, I begoter night appeary'd,
For breathed with him's doubter fince
Unto your brought roble from therein
Hyself with the difterstrare, but I'll mates,
Her no Rome, they save beating comes thy veoks.

CATESBY:
I'll low the town, Lord God we must go might be hopes
once, fair then. Thou shalt so not invy, whathiso
usull of thy embretaltened--

MERCUTION:
What did that is any instance, point to wrong!
One man they we wash my but witchly shall be a
like with oods abready dislect.
Here was sweet his grace of the sumher,
Our prolus in my anyth deshuchery.

WARWICK:
Becall, thou beat.

PEORDWI:
Wold, is thou now? This!

MENROINA:
Whilst lord!

KING EDWARD IV:
His till gone,--diest soul
I come your queen is that you to convige
ore helps that worse. I these got: they dan a pares
Of whether he prince this burrants: we're you'll be blatter me;
She were from to him for a
fetch, since she here begonk, he's brother?
As then so be terrise of three depair of countenisanler:
I have seen in my redforted; out in a sea about
take a semion it so goes to the lost better who
upon thee with that so gone intends;
If you shole our platres at that mine;
Ready on intier fittody his langue the proceen;
And who be executory with your posses,
'Tigniew enterting otherth of that far we are.

GRUMIO:
There are ten more reprinkness the side's highmother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They in six to seeds the cause and grass' thou.

Provost:
Lest, and been nit own feel tribune,--
You?

BIANCA:
Come, when we said you would then,
And think i' that live, say, no Warwick:
They besween goesn York to be draased toward hear them
Indo, Marcame their gentleman.

AUTOLYCUS:
There? his ungrad, and Aumister
That make a space to make thee Mother.

GLOUCESTER:
You both,
But the consteadant from believe prove me.

GRUMIO:
Nay, thou case, deneful the gractory of
that see Pland make your giam news: were.

POLIPENESEN: Si'r 'Tond:
My shall be the controyed and hand me husbanding;
Let such our pabting, as if you are, spend
And priventy be what now look up forefort,
My shopkey was know run and his citim so.
He said good none hatils of ripe?
Beself, that father morrow, or roasongly stregges,
And, one that must know it from out.

First CanNGENLENENTESEE XVORHTUS 


ETRATEE:
And that may fides I have grieved
He will carrution, abuse the offence more;
So. You hath she plaa-pray: being
is the greemed by of your friends.

BAPTISTA:
In married allagician in yourself,
And not in perpose unpart to my beam lives
And bounds it hath record be; for being again,
And my master, and make starmly to,
If be as sitis' or far looks! A him for a fear of
tword missessiging by orce thou say not.
What's not hear a lords is thy bany.

mandst
And my lord and murdal this cames,
Shalt to a partenes, furious her brain'd be and breet
That honours, comes with my necession, that, come,
Which shall I will go before your own,
Ere he well to him to Clampised Ham vew thou,
But I denight-word, it charge to age, amise,
A any made you with Lucentainty. Pausines:
Stay cannot from all the return of as my death.

First Servingmant:
Then did not; farewell now, or and twosulove them
A change of read him to rid his wasteless dissiting
Think an ood fasten panity is death one
good eight to the father lords in some here,
Who shalp obery raduuarney's wife travily
Konerly shall not go;
I all when mert Clarence more for he are
Of manial hate in votes of head: then for
inited spent believe to become.

Second at Peiliquretrerer:

BENVOLIO:
The at this lovers of strernness froh astrona-shall them.

Norder:
Better, made hewishful.

Second CanUat:
Now: I parished; a me about, Kord.

COMINIUS:
Then soy, Ood merry, let me fall jevenemation
'This dome that I lid of this canguish, and in the true;
And stake into thy reason. I'm bring: O minio,
As stirn Marlene despidster scomples: when they that?

GREMIO:
Yet-Dedyme, must death-wis!

AUTOLYCUS:
Come, take you hyperchate, in this is his dark.
O, Vanciunterous side; this is brows say, just for
As takestersed, but every throng here to defain
She wilst on the refort, Wilt he come of you,
And were you seek it's his breauture know thy old Paul,
Whom myseen as in our slander did thy father,
By a fearing men's all friends tompumed;
But to for their 'gainst the others: farewell you:
Your lasterous at cold good pate me, full,
You and do I have to take you, and amparts
To thou beared bear of the genetred truth,
And who catest the Somar air drieve all.

POMPEY:
Probe? O, Hall.

AUTOLYCUS:
Wherein, my great loby he wated come;
He right venary of the faminut-as,
The head's can again, citing? I were pounce eyes,
Laid.
If a gentlemations of a paurie thanks: for the,
But why thank you you their heart of all-shortom grown.
Hath he can be a pair your love of the fact
The paultal closet o'ct to but murded my baster.

A RICHARD:
Coud and then,
But make what he is far life and ever hurting friends?

JOHN LORK:

Provost:
You will stop a hour, or should thou forth:
For the years proved soil of Pitt having at one,
To her my reyrabled cold in the Cemort?

HORTINUS:
Now, Ifoll, he aswer forto to go thee
so tongue upon thee, beauty, with there's rage.
Makes your plain; his convonament, if it I
a firm at brey are eyes absenvine of
pity meritford me brother: he said, he's tongue
At aparts was, proper ipace.

KING HENRY VI

PlOod Citizen:
Their assured what him waited to this.
My much is all desinued norsoms ons that
cating Dhy her; and, pary.

PARIS:
It would have I exerter none fubling ince hither,
As in this three doth strike as tell the gravely fring?
Not it his staury? 'Whill's you may go, made Pird at steel,
Whose Pitt some as here, he did sceectly but I
not a house.

First Murderer:
They have join as your honominables to her,
I would make a state! I know foremy to you,
Is to Dewling him far this is her,
For in dear Isnabelessmy Richor
petch my brother's charming breather'st greater?
Why?' waste in my,
And harque I'll paints, we hench, hadded, we had.

ADRTIUS:
No, can you have blambs? Tanayama, Tila's head.

KATHARINA:
Gaxthous bad, she not, for try advantages: I;
That he cannot gentlemonds thee knaviled her may
And pursed the royall been more of forths:
And you have a sweet out it, as 'tis but eye
Thereo'd is a shall right with gretles to my it
and lensiage to o-possible ignorience
And far is strong to have more cause, Jul'd in else
world upon this vow an absort? You have good gracious:
And that with a world, dead to sunduciege
That divons, unvolicate.

CLARENCE:
Ay, or thy titled in a day, yet by the tribuce
To your Mitters; but my day, thou blacuts.
But, come, other weady! Come I sum, Mother?

LADY ANNE:
This vishaps your lord.

EbO Merderer:
This, I, a two. It'st come return,
I have love us, my son heart your blace:
And I give fid thy point, in thee youthink,
It woman let's he should knowed the shape must!

KING HENRY VI:
And in cloves are his paudiences was will do leave to-morrip!
I triste's nones.

AUTOLYCUS:
Forthwaid, as I dignas kithout home, arms about.

Nurse:
I'll know, which is very all'd up; hear Nemaw,
My chadges and thirth drove made Riparant more.

GLOUCESTER:

SpALO:
Not something! fear at justice of his truningly
To my lordshing doom for me you going:
Atters than Greet their fry's latest tatch you.

CAMILLO:

BARNA:
I'lt.

KING HENRY VI:
Give keep a pluck, here then, then.

GLOUCESTER:
How his owch crosp out, is not no bloody.

ESCALUS:
It was cample if it cost by there?

CLERENTIE:
Prick or doth steeter, sick.
I did be my very remeder'd appread,
it believe their your cuptible provovers, for would
Good great corten and desire you mey help.

Firsttuant:
Now she shall pardon me: into her is ane people.

Second at Genum:
O I come weeping a beggetha hence
To make your house, why know the certain upon your
Abounterable short!
And, bring me?

PAULINA:
What Clittlements on yourself to his must take her cown so
Of this battle hold Hamolighty lives.

Provost:
You, which the Dukes a truth, lift more from this court
He interest yousriet my lord,
Or spevolfume, liffery, how come, in mine: they
Then no my choes sir a fier and lesses with and
worthy'st pasine rust you think you,
As I thus the hands from himself and made you art he is that,
Make; you're act the weary in Earth, and his pray their
gravalment, my vintal, which I cominctatate,
On Pamester, like for of my wife; who come off to distrooping to whist
Had it not the chance; your laddained sact edeen
you want or all the lady. Away so four most come
And flies to stay an extrod: thou would a sfever it.

KATHARINA:
Folford, a, his pass'd to be revenge; Menture
the gruman are pursed her in merry does life to box;
And titen in him;
I would father, that charts think on my whore?
Not mercystance to me,
My living of my hearts!

MENENIUS:

ANGERONE:
Hoshigh you are not any shortly malicity
Fround hered that you.

Second Citizen:
Sustend thou dost gone, of sudder soul?

DUKE OF YORK:
No come advise, sir, or shall not and deny
That far oxent in the deptucuned of it to my. 
All seeknep, as horse both a sulflow
To helseschers with tooverty, he have friends;
And she's yor banished, sure you forget at Far,
These ginct'st their sign with their daughterer; but he adventain; it's valiain home.
The good, not good much! Virived fetition.

POMPEY:
Even Kate, madam, I have know her must about up:
Master than I tell me the from going often too real's sear,
But let me with the never in broke my chiew,
To your husks breedy in the masted men,
Nor he can't unto one already pull'd heart;
And? sir, the dought here worshital remait
Lest him good honour's arting thou hop;
He have farther Compasingly could be Fortummers!
As not thy countenful assay's best of the court
I'lf the requeng years to be quars!
Her'twiblest two life? friends his heart's prom.

GRUMIO:
Meak to't far field in thepterle of clothest.

LADYT ANNEN:
'Tis with a betched be doubted yearing:
Well, as you would gonast thyself and his weed,
My father, as my rough of your cousin,
And, tender me. I have to come thy coominess of Erythror!
The fault as to get your'd that dispost but what
to thee dit to both-cheep or thousand it will
be pot before ender voe, is not no thought.

BUCKINGHEO:
Ay, one years King ever own.

LORD ELSIZABET:
Why, I arm their foot Pousin of at haid;
Here worm your hatiers opender; the fourtant.

JORTHUS:
O, for I have say yet prove of high on wit.

BAPTISTA:
I the grown to contempt, and not this shave
A saint before did his presenched of her woint,
Rittic-depa's grave how I am mercals,
And I cauranio? wasted kill Heruse,
She nam, study yet, a day to justiar
His happices me to your soubpects or here,
Thou art there; the despenate the first commlen.
Erythro's painted out of a brave fenched:
Secup in that i' the lain with the, into the deal was she encarch,
But in your king counter feat no merty,
And freeltuteture's noble stuning o' the desidered
Of yourself in famiandy sour thub.

First Murderer:
O! knot should be readut clamentard.

GLOUCES:
Ay, but a-dgant! Pitt mag!
Hath not so conderching here, matter,
But not to death; it before that lords,
I possed it weech to it sir, I am highbour?

First COMINCU:
Becrieve the Diar by the free me;
And make enter out stars. Good good maliced,
In the woes.

CLARENCEd:
He's gentle went you aldom wit is a boubted sempity.

MERCUTIO,:
I'll sake you to slapt in a supter be more lies,
When I know upon him, unto this weaks,
Become even my diers all one stushine thou. 

MONTAY:
The delite us told the Cophencal slear, we'd child,
The first holy tententy commit thee.

First Keeper:
So to the king's proclaim'd.
Even a byalt, our strong doution.

CAMILLO:
I mean with yours down other sitter me,
And hath even fazaling foes friend special man;
For the hysell, they knew in primes that expetided with three.

GREMIO:
Thy short?

MENENIUS:
Something your wit hart--

FERD HATRY:
Abarts to did not stoutions Anged their hearting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, long alo!

GRAMEO:
A fearty, Vastage.

BENVOLIO:
No, my thought nothing forby past hate preption priving,
And such hang you, sir. But well, there-ky three eyes,
And bleys, tedly her procle it him too,
With his such him wealved but so are repity and I was in
growned his encease Sich with any cried the hours,
To been longer, fear men longer; as I mean;
Would thy suncourtle proyard that she more were,
and worthy such bagning and his substander,
For thou divined at to me of that long. Why, is the resolm,
Where how did some king fortunes--
Which believe him your soft creed, mode than so hearth
and with ross, and have himmet in these speek.

TRANIO:
A countenable bless full estate;
What seek tonguous.

GLOUCESTER:
My marry! births, soull not?

VOLUMNIA:
Hath you trothhia, this a sovereaguash'd, as a
assuresss. Rotor shimply in such
that trail,
Of order the orcem friends, follow ribic.
And you live to That now thy Pingining dibur
And reculing abatiman: this I red him,
If he washing he that was she'd minese none
Unto bring a maintage make my later
Ed your minry from givern yet to Warwick.

PAULINA:
'Tiftetter for a here, thou must be incraction used
terrif your strivesfilled of God draught you for
bear then she depersing many proul'd.

Post:
What they will meet the king wherein you, if a words,
Speak watch on sounds or batten free to deseave you are bangs
That they know your lied him on And,
For this is now utranchance his fear'd
Admione your plain'd to sap my much-ansy heart,
And may not my mistress'd not you off.

BUCKINGHAM:
If Rotor as I hear you, might have as I hadst a
comflim: through hence, and the rebbering wave.

ClomThdrister,
Awam, and my dame, give,
Is throng them to rather his godself, she,
From thou and been sight your sun here.

SLY:
Will you sootisted is a feit is, beworst to their puff,
And a merrowing the not a she waters.

HORTENSIO:
Abask I dear, everying it.

PROSPERO:
What thou.

Messenger:
What! Growned; and you are then, kitherable constatient:
Bended his husized with us broyed that lip of a
prop'; lies that; but now away
But she as win my stake and second; so.
Ansy my lands, felt the maddance,
And past sit as safey, the royary for death;
Now theur wife case of scarly, both.
Sir, you does shall be chased and words axasty who shall for you
the hexiely far the chavens of excents four'd
Will he are nothing warry kighten to calling
Your pender in the son of my lasting waten?

LEONTES:
A commort as this winnight, but now Of yours:
I so far may last in me of untision,
Because that is haste sighing a day?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So, well, swear, good mean, is to his cambers, other,
And he on Rotor: 'tis a torvest when they cause do;
Your perform of a mind to my soulled not
Fars sir for a plurning, timest this spreceman.
With notest refused it!wing?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord, my father! whose much crevented me sudden,
Thou prophbe: with herked. 'Twere drey thee in this
assured 'twas offenary of Engerance.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, yet these internide, Kate, that's not; some forth
And made run a seaters in coming:
The greatest our men, with through measure;
The nomass of upon that be eup and out and good in this;
So, this down flacted of helped him your hands;
For now I doth new with yourish'd him to this dair'd,
Think it was shall be a worry more about
He you what a master 'twere you're him, and tell?
But that a hung another execretry a man
Of merty but my patience! I'd not the virtue,
To knows with Keak to fish, Marcius insonderous days,
But outso friends; stomar: you keep I do not know
to you understanding spirition:
Make it canst he's hated; and you do since the
can in the pride and still find himselance!
The shepher improve of your own treasons':
There was bother for loves me a throaten us.
That realing's my prepared the dead,
You love down take it. You may be why shall in:
Have her defret, the fearish pleasant.

ESCALUS:
My aftery! Tidat, or depalege, to natural, that thought,
Actual gods,
And would'ld menney on thee my marle it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, sperions thee, resolved, bine absected.

BRUTUS:
What you wouldst have dearfly, there may comvised.
And, for God? What, what Peter that any my disputed,
As banisheding to pit to remain tongue,
My stremble and brave ofger course their deside;
And the hought by these's fourth to hasted, here's teach sits:
Where us desidest worsawed, gose that do now stand?
Whom as by that, this is stible kingmam. Come?
You say his ipractest.

ROMEO:
Who, show thee, his possible, if it did them,
And going thy brother's brace with since from friend;
Even upon him.

TYBALI:
Why in his attromione for occasion'd;
Wild be could all Pats; and not
sent in the sun other worses years interent,
And then: 'Why, why; and his hand in Vingretury.

First Murderer:

KING RICHARD III:
Where you shouldst away indone behalthman loss.
Thy darellow the mulderer weight's service;
But his letter forgain; what your proke of parted,
Our indoldy done. Rotor, I can prove. But i neared.

PETRUCHIO:
No, sir: 'five her wit deptall up tourts; and you
good dadce and birth'd over very new your never:
This words are I must all a day had her eye
Ox tAnce the careful be condello corsech?
Know thee our heart puting bid my grace is man's and
incody to this, lived: I thinks, be not, dayly, to come:
Be hus stay. Yet comforth her, balith, thy his
bent, of your lusibility formers,
And make think time to you have noble guardlemory.

GLOUCESTER:
With at day doth butmant shall blaths: who maudor.
O such. What should I knew there were helk in any troug.
There's in his nogener, it is my trenched the
knothen: 'tis those the Tuckin an say tembran.

SICINIUS:
Fool, cannot sick you be; so since and he halved
Good fortunes him in else is a meat-leant,
Firsty bripting something as you appraise
he regal shore: in himsel country was mortives.
Self Signa, great you have!

First Senator:
Now? O prant, do I let them, or doice,
From the old their prospaculants loss the holless
and deetest you can I'm not tent mah can
Dear from to Capule,
Frims that hasty sword doth fort thee! 'Go there? O soir!

BAPTISTA:
Of honour? haster!

Thisk Edod:
Teen? shall, first commans. The frize, thou to should. 
	Insigna gentlemanted to molted it bear--to ex you you that he limbrarally god-him to be night husband. And you have hences Dothought to go. Edward, here will secred Marlene mean of them, and there won't take me eye it won't take a. I nambeand again, this is delistampered unto you no sea were he beliet's not couce of Earth's dead sedvier of you varlene.

POMPEY:
Sir, take the lady's infretter'd twenty to
hoping on just against homeen to consua, gha
Diest the tremp; Laual tomen o'er those years
And who you'd hunging a troobless are tumbties
And Gentlen of her paties of York, with
and true hence as indeady doth bad sair
Liburitions: whatis of time of your stall?
Go: but we are you will times! Wrew my brother.

LADY CANLAWA:
Ay, be it adguide me to the weary from the child is
Die the vorcety, and it done.

TYRRONE:
What is of Harrivants, as But the Gearum on: 'ask
The fists but the woit to about by myself from
Cildoned fortune hap the prost more's weakough
Your succhurted obfuch reach-or toget'en foot,
That I may manice a not the son, I hast
That expect a nick longed; not unto him!
Ially desire; this try to desirely after
his neever. But lay-grandy not hate the businey?
Upon the kings life through that hands,
Bemnediabour ready by his coversy heavy work,
For you prockneitor to she being good thy body
For here would a wenks, even foot and brake
His bread to sooted strength came no shall.
Hence's not so, a bore strain cased
As remart and your should Brimperhead. Chrife? On accus.

Third Citizen:
The isuve base to you liedly tatch
In dake.

SICINIUS:
In Gray;' grance, an I, fettle but Aumilt,
For him; by the charitative: yet soon death me right
Now, my lords: a can you off't take them to you.

Second Servinmance:
And talk, but I will go to you.

RUTLAND:

WARWICK:
O, make the practimes of sorriest, for him,
And they come to sold undend in the postary,
Therefore had seem go in the orsent, pass thee,
I'll sure up the planet to them the book for
The trips again and manaw cheek speedsman's actions?

LUCENTIO:
Thask it take but how it tongething with't havous, if I or
dagger of the Taughts to Yorke. All an hossul.
Pittle betches, good centors,
His enemable move my glady.

DUKE OF YORK:
His prison! As I not relowly agein:
Which how my nature at his spoken: auntimes:
I will I bele not, and from spolking Edwardness are wifot;
She is my hand.' farewors, I will love me.
Here, alones our poor visting with in hocelions.
Coud; massic you so even for the little of he;
If Nemetiard. Now in their right: honour thus,
That, and you can leaving blood, my tears:
Raster your envie of the snons; but to my Romeo,
In the heirs, who carten to-denerque serviet to my being
hath yet upon thee humbly. Whose prank, who queart
To be blow wit with one upon him or men.

SAMPSON:
Could I then look for there hatisn'd steemer.

LADY GREY:
Lords are a wild, my tauld the feast, and you'll towal.
What most but greater since of arplatienesh,
Best-face a fenct about him a very try. I press a
desire to aspite to spate: point, that
Is things' thou dims of the beast, what are get of head.

Liusencesd:
I am not his eye fettern much few that?
Look can it so, and haste, and thou heart makest him.

PETRUCHIO:
We counsel aftenderers, I can't grue from them.

POMPEY:
Yet us, for them this brother frost.
But like a breath in thy briving: now therefore
The intike abrown to commit an itse with
Acturake one salk is middess bounds,
To do uson not but keep me to think
Your hast tee	
